Toggle navigation HOME ADVERTISING BLOG JOBS FAQ CONTACTPrivacy Policy Website EN As of: June 2020 Data Protection This Privacy Policy shall apply to the Jodel websites https://jodel.com/, https://jodel-app.com/ and https://share.jodel.com and every URL or Subdomain that contains or ends with https://jodel.com/ (these websites together also the "Website" or as "Services"). Click here to find the privacy policy for the app.

1. GENERAL Regarding the Services The Jodel Venture GmbH, Wilhelmstraße 118, 10963 Berlin ("Jodel", "we", "us" or "our") is the controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").

The Jodel Venture GmbH Wilhelmstraße 118 10963 Berlin Germany Telefon: 0157- 322 687 22 Email: support@jodel-app.com This privacy policy shall inform you on how we collect, process and use ("Use") your Personal Data in connection with the Services.

2. DATA WE COLLECT, PROCESS AND USE a. Regarding the Website: if you visit the Website your browser automatically transfers certain data so that it can access the Website, in particular: the IP address, the date and time of the request, the browser type, the operating system, the language and version of the browser software. Such data is processed, in particular, as without such data the Website cannot be accessed.

b. On the one hand, your data is collected when you provide it to us. This may be data that you enter into a contact form, for example. This data is used to contact you via the given information. The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal data. As far as personal data (e.g. name or e-mail addresses) is collected on our pages, this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent. If you would like to receive the content offered on the website, we need an e-mail address from you. Further data will not be collected. We use these data exclusively for sending the requested information and do not pass them on to third parties.

c. If you provide to us information on the Website via a request form contained on the Website or on another way then we will process your data in order to answer your respective (information) requests.

d. We might disclose your Personal Data where such disclosure is required by law (for example, upon request of a court or of law enforcement authorities).

3. USE OF ANALYZING, ADVERTISING AND OTHER TOOLS a. We also analyze data of usage to better understand user preferences through user actions. Next to our own analytics we also use the following tools: aa. The Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). We added IP-anonymization to Google Analytics on our website. This means that we are using available IP masking procedures (i.e., anonymization by shortening the IP address) to protect our users. Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help analyze how you use the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website will normally be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of the Website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity and providing other services for the Website operator relating to Website activity and internet usage. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use all functions of the Website. You can also opt-out from the storage by Google of the data that is created by the cookie and is related to the use of the Website (including your anonymized IP address) and the processing of such data by Google by downloading and installing the Google Analytics opt-out Browser add-on available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. For further information on Google Analytics please refer to: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html, https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en, http://www.google.de/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy/. To our best knowledge Google complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from EU member countries. Google Inc. (and its wholly-owned US subsidiaries) has certified that it adheres to the relevant Privacy Shield Principles, including for Google Analytics. The European Commission qualifies the US to provide an adequate legal protection for personal data transferred from the EU to self-certified organisations in the US that are certified under the Privacy Shield programme. Further information can be found at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.

bb. The website uses the LinkedIn Insight Tag. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions and retarget website visitors. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a visitor's browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires (there's a rolling six-month expiration from the last time the visitor's browser loaded the Insight Tag). You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on your LinkedIn settings page and recommend you read their Cookie Policy for more information.

cc. If you decide to deactivate (some of) the tools described in this section 3.b (to the extent this is possible), please note that certain features and functionalities of the Services might not work or might not be accessible to you.

b. The legal basis for the processing of the data described in section 3a (to the extent such data is to be considered Personal Data) is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR (legitimate interests; the legitimate interests to Use such data is that we can only offer the App to users for free if we are in a position to efficiently display relevant advertisements in the app). The legal basis for the processing of the data described in the section 3b (to the extent such data is to be considered Personal Data) is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR (legitimate interests; the legitimate interests to Use such data is that we use and analyze the respective data (i) to improve our Services, such as by gaining a better understanding of your interests and requirements regarding our Services, (ii) to help personalize your user experience, (iii) to recognize user patterns in order to protect the App against bots, abusive members and abusive content, and (iv) to provide you with certain features of the Services (without us using such data some of the functionalities of the Services might not work or might not be accessible (this applies, in particular, to the tools mentioned above in sections 3.b, aa, bb, cc, dd; with regard to item (iv) such processing of data is also based on Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b GDPR (fulfilment of contract and pre-contractual measures)).

4. CONTACT FORM VIA ZENDESK If you write to us via the contact form, your details from the enquiry form or your e-mail will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the enquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. An e-mail address is required for contact purposes. Under no circumstances will we pass on this data without your consent. The legal basis for processing the data is our legitimate interest in answering your request. We use the Zendesk tool to answer your request. Zendesk processes your data only on our behalf. Your data will be deleted after the final processing of your request, unless there are legal obligations to keep records. In the case of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, you can object to the processing of your personal data at any time.

5. TECHNICAL IMPLEMENTATION OF THE SERVICES BY SUBCONTRACTORS We partly use service providers who process Personal Data on behalf of us to operate the technical platform for the Services. These service providers process the data exclusively according to our instructions (order processing). The legal basis for the data processing described in this section 4 is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b GDPR (performance of contract and pre-contractual measures) and Art. 28 GDPR (order processing).

6. DURATION OF STORAGE OF PERSONAL DATA Unless no shorter storage period is indicated in this privacy policy, we, in general, store Personal Data as long (i) as required for the provision of the Services to you, and/or (ii) as it is necessary with regard to the contractual relationship with you, thereafter only if and to the extent that we are obliged to do so by mandatory statutory retention obligations. If we no longer require the respective Personal Data for the purposes described above, such Personal Data will only be stored during the respective legal retention period and not processed for other purposes.

7. YOUR RIGHTS You have the right to request information from us at any time about your Personal Data stored by us. If the legal requirements are met, you also have rights vis-à-vis us to request from us access to and rectification or erasure or restriction of processing concerning your Personal Data or to object to the processing of your Personal Data as well as the right to receive from us your Personal Data provided to us in a structured, established and machine-readable format (you can transfer this data to other parties or have it transferred; data portability).

If you have given your consent to the use of personal data, you can revoke such consent at any time (for the future).

If you believe that the processing of your Personal Data by us is in breach of the applicable data protection laws, you can issue a complaint with the competent supervisory authority for data protection.

8. CONTACT; DATA PROTECTION OFFICER You can contact us, for example, via the address indicated above in section 1., via dpo@jodel.com and/or by using the contact info contained in the App or on the Website.

For all questions regarding data protection at Jodel (including the assertion of your rights further describe above under section 6.), you can also contact Jodel's Data Protection Officer directly. The contact details of the data protection officer are: Data Protection Officer, The Jodel Venture GmbH, Wilhelmstraße 118, 10963 Berlin, Germanydpo@jodel.com 9. KEEPING YOUR PERSONAL DATA SECURE We place great importance on the security of all Personal Data associated with the use of our Services. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of Personal Data under our control. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as we consider it appropriate and only authorised personnel have access to Personal Data. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable efforts to prevent it.

We have taken additional extensive security precautions relating to our Services and its use. However you should bear in mind that in spite of such security measures, submission of information over the internet is never entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via our Services whilst it is in transit over the internet.

TRANSPARENCY REPORT Here you will find our Transparency Report (in German for now, from January 2020), which we prepared to let you know how our moderation system and cooperation with legal authorities works, what were the biggest challenges in the last few months and what is coming in the future.

Since Jodel started we have always deeply respected our user's right to privacy while at the same time granting right to free uncensored speech. Additionally, for the last weeks we have been working hard on making sure that our internal processes are in line with the new GDPR law. That is why you can be sure that this topic is especially important for us. IMPRINT PRIVACY TERMS OF SERVICE GUIDELINES JOBS PRESS© 2020 The Jodel Venture GmbH. All Rights Reserved.

