Nintendo Contact The website Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp is operated by: Nintendo Co., Ltd. (11-1 Hokotate-cho, Kamitoba, Minami-ku, Kyoto 601-8501, Japan. Representative Directors: Shuntaro Furukawa, Shigeru Miyamoto. Registration number: 1300-01-011420.).

If you have questions about this website, please contact us by email: service@nintendo.de(Europe) / nintendoaustraliaprivacy@nal.nintendo.com.au(Australia and New Zealand).

Website Privacy Policy Version: 05.2018 (EN-EU) This Privacy Policy covers the use of the website Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp, operated by: Nintendo Co., Ltd. (11-1 Hokotate-cho, Kamitoba, Minami-ku, Kyoto 601-8501, Japan, email: privacyinquiry.ncl@nintendo.de) ("Nintendo").

Nintendo is the controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 - "GDPR").

1. Data Processing Nintendo respects the privacy rights of its online visitors and recognises the importance of protecting their personal data. Certain information is transmitted to Nintendo's servers by the internet browser of each online visitor when they access the website, including the date and time of access, names of requested files, the referral-webpage, the status (e.g. transaction completed), the internet browser and operation system used, the IP address of the device and the size of transmitted data.

1.1 Nintendo uses this information in order to set up the connection of your device with Nintendo services and to enable you to use the website. If you are located in a country of the European Union, the legal basis for this processing is the provision of the service you have requested (Art. 6 para. 1 (b) GDPR).

1.2 The information is further stored in connection logs for the purpose of ensuring the security and proper functioning of the website.

If you are located in a country of the European Union, the legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR. The legitimate interest Nintendo pursues is the protection of Nintendo systems. If you are located in a country of the European Union, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to such processing. To exercise this right you may at any time contact Nintendo as provided for in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy.

1.3 Nintendo may also use the information for statistical purposes in an anonymised form.

2. Cookies and Similar Technologies 2.1 General Information Nintendo may place cookies on its website. Cookies are small files downloaded to your device. Cookies could be used to ensure the safety and smooth functionality of our website (security cookies and session cookies) and to collect information about the preferences of our online visitors in order to make our online offers more attractive for our users (tracking cookies). Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. You can disable all cookies in your browser or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, if you do disable cookies, you may not be able to use all functions of this website.

2.2 Security and Session Cookies Nintendo employs security and session cookies that are necessary to provide you with the services you have requested. For example, Nintendo employs session cookies to store your selections whilst you navigate to different pages and to provide access to secure areas of the website. If you are located in a country of the European Union, the legal basis for using security and session cookies is the provision of the service you have requested (Art. 6 para. 1 (b) GDPR).

2.3 Tracking Cookies Nintendo employs the following tracking cookies: 2.3.1 Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on visitors' computers, to help Nintendo analyse how visitors use the website. The information generated by the cookie about the visitors' use of the website will generally be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. On this website, IP anonymisation has been activated. The IP addresses of Google users from European Union member states, or from other states contracting to the Agreement on the European Economic Area, will be shortened. Only in exceptional cases will a complete IP address be transferred to a Google server in the United States and shortened there. On behalf of Nintendo, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the website for Nintendo, in order to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage for Nintendo. Google will not associate the IP address transferred in the context of Google Analytics with any other data held by Google. For further information please visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.

Users can prevent the collection of data about their use of the website (including their IP address) generated by the cookie, and the processing of data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in through the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

If you are located in a country of the European Union, the legal basis for using Google Analytics and for analysing usage of the website is Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR. The legitimate interest Nintendo pursues is the improvement and optimisation of the website for the benefit of the website visitors.

If you are located in a country of the European Union, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to such processing. To exercise this right you may at any time download and install the aforementioned browser plug-in.

2.3.2 Google Remarketing This website uses the Google Remarketing technology which is a service from Google. Advertisements can be presented within the advertising network of Google based on content which has previously been accessed on websites within the Google advertising network by visitors that are also using the Google Remarketing feature. In particular, based on your prior use of this website we use Google Remarketing to target our ads to you when you visit other websites, e.g. sites in Google's content network.

You can disable this feature by making the appropriate settings under http://www.google.com/settings/ads.

If you are located in a country of the European Union, the legal basis for using Google Remarketing is Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR. Nintendo has a legitimate interest in such marketing purpose as it helps placing advertisements that have an increased relevance.

If you are located in a country of the European Union, you have the right to object at any time to the use of your information for such remarketing purposes. To exercise this right you can disable this feature by making the appropriate settings under http://www.google.com/settings/ads.

When you access this website while logged into your Google account and when you have chosen to enable Google to associate your browsing history with your Google account and to use such information to personalise advertisements, Google associates information collected through Google Analytics to your Google account data. Google will use the collected information for cross-device marketing issues. In particular, based on your use of this website on one device our advertisements can be targeted to you when you browse on another device. The data collected by Google on this website about Google account users allow for Nintendo no conclusion as to the identity of any Google account user. You can find additional information about the collection and use of data by Google under http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.

Google account users can control their advertisement experience and can opt-out from personalised advertisements at any time in their Google account settings.

3. User Communications When you send an email or other communication to Nintendo, Nintendo use those communications in order to process your inquiries and respond to your requests.

If you are located in a country of the European Union, the legal basis for this processing is the provision of the service you have requested (Art. 6 para. 1 (b) GDPR).

4. Who Has Access to Your Information Nintendo may share your information with other entities of the Nintendo group to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy; in particular, with: its European affiliates such as Nintendo of Europe GmbH and its branches in Italy, Germany, Austria, Switzerland and the United Kingdom; Nintendo France SARL, Nintendo Ibérica, S.A.U. and Nintendo Benelux B.V.;Nintendo Australia Pty Limited, located in Australia. The level of data protection provided under Australian law is lower than the level provided in the European Community.

If Nintendo shares your information with Nintendo Australia Pty Limited appropriate safeguards for an adequate level of data protection are provided for by standard data protection clauses that have been adopted by the European Commission and that have been entered into between Nintendo and Nintendo Australia Pty Limited.

If you are located within the European Union, the legal basis for Nintendo sharing your information with other entities of the Nintendo group is Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR. Nintendo has a legitimate interest in sharing your information for internal administrative purposes, in particular to offer the website services and to deal with any inquiries in an efficient and high-quality manner.

If you are located within the European Union, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to such sharing. To exercise this right you may at any time contact Nintendo as provided in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy.

In compliance with applicable data protection requirements, Nintendo may also use third-party data processors and may share your information with such third-party data processors acting on Nintendo's behalf to provide services in connection with the website. Where such third-party processors are located outside the European Union respectively the European Economic Area, such third-party processors are either located in a third country where the European Commission has decided that this country ensures an adequate level or appropriate safeguards for an adequate level of data protection are provided for by standard data protection clauses that have been adopted by the European Commission and that have been entered into between Nintendo and the third-party data processor.

5. Storage Time Nintendo will only store your information as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information is collected and processed or - where the applicable law provides for longer storage and retention periods - for the storage and retention period required by law. After that your personal data will be deleted. In particular, if you exercise a right to object to the processing of your personal data, Nintendo will delete your personal data that Nintendo processed for the purpose to which you objected without undue delay, unless another legal basis for processing and retaining this data exists or unless applicable law requires us to retain the data.

6. Your rights under GDPR If you are located in a country of the European Union, you may in particular, without limitation, have the following rights under applicable European data protection law: Right of access: You have the right to obtain confirmation from Nintendo as to whether or not Nintendo processes personal data from you and you also have the right to at any time obtain access to our personal data stored by Nintendo. To exercise this right you may at any time contact Nintendo as provided in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy.

Right to rectification of your personal data: If Nintendo processes your personal data, Nintendo shall endeavour to ensure by implementing suitable measures that your personal data is accurate and up-to-date for the purposes for which Nintendo collected your personal data. If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to obtain the rectification of such data. To exercise this right you may at any time contact Nintendo as provided in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy.

Right to erasure of your personal data or right to restriction of processing: You may have the right to obtain the erasure of your personal data or the restriction of processing of your personal data. To exercise this right you may at any time contact Nintendo as provided in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy.

Right to data portability: You may have the right to receive the personal data concerning you and which you have provided to Nintendo, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to transmit those data to another controller. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us as provided in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy. Right to object: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data as further specified in this Privacy Policy.

Right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority: You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority located in the European Union. You may contact the Hesse Data Protection Supervisor.

7. Nintendo's European Representative and Contact If you are located in a country of the European Union and if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and Nintendo's data processing activities or if you want to exercise any of your rights under GDPR, please contact: Nintendo's European representative Nintendo of Europe GmbH, Attn.: Legal Department, Herriotstrasse 4, 60528 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, or via email at privacyinquiry.ncl@nintendo.de.

8. Nintendo's Data Protection Officer: Nintendo Co., Ltd., 11-1, Attn.: Data Protection Officer, Hokotate-cho, Kamitoba, Minami-ku, Kyoto, 601-8501, Japan, dataprotectionofficer@nintendo.co.jp.

© Nintendo

