Our Company Make an Appointment Careers Log In For Patients: Click here to Log In to MyQuest™ Our free online tool for patients View your test results Make appointments, track your health history, and moreFor Healthcare professionals: Click here to Log In to Quanum™ Lab Services Manager Our online business tool for physicians, hospital and office staff Order lab tests for your patients View your patients' lab test results Order supplies, access Lab Utilization Reports, and more!Looking for eLabs? Login here.Search Home For PatientsLocations/Appointments Make an Appointment Cancel / Change / Confirm Appointment Find a Location Tell us about your recent visit Take our surveyBilling Information & Customer Service Pay Your Bill Check Bill Status FAQs for Billing Update Insurance Manage Paperless Billing Options Health Plan Lookup Contact Customer Service Take Our Billing SurveyWhat We Offer About Testing Health and Test Info Cost and Coverage Scheduling a Test Preparing for a Test Getting Your Results Manage Your Health with our Online Services En Español Drug Take Back DayQuestDirect Now you can order your own lab tests. Shop online, make your appointment, and get results sent directly to you. For Physicians & HospitalsSolutions for Physicians & Hospitals Test Directory Clinical Experts Hospitals eTrailer Coverage and Coding Policies Professional Lab Services Newsletters Testing Services Healthcare IT Health Trends™ CPT 2020 and ICD-10 Information Insight You Can Act On Innovations Clinical Education Events Tools for Primary Care Physicians Health Systems General Health Chronic Care Management Services Drug Take Back Day Z-Codes™Medical Conditions Allergy/Asthma Arthritis Autoimmune Diseases Bleeding and Thrombosis Cancer, General Cancer, GI Cancer, Leukemia and Lymphoma Cancer, Lung Cancer, Thyroid Cardiovascular Celiac Disease Diabetes Pre-diabetes Endocrinology Gastroenterology General Health Genetics Hepatitis C HIV Infectious Diseases Neurology Pediatrics Prescription Drug Monitoring Rheumatoid Arthritis Skin Disease Toxicology Women's HealthA Focus on Specialty Allergists Cardiologists Dermatologists Endocrinologists Gastroenterologists Infectious Disease Specialists Maternal Fetal Medicine Practitioners Neurologists Ob/Gyns Oncologists Pain Specialists Pathologists Perinatologists Primary Care Physicians Pulmonologists Rheumatologists Urologists / GU specialists Hospital ServicesTake Action Get Started with Us Primary Insights Blog Page Find a Test Coverage and Coding Policies Billing: Physician and Hospital Pay Physician or Hospital Bill Contact Physician or Hospital Customer Service Take Physician or Hospital Billing survey Learn more about eTrailers Z-Codes™ Login to Quanum™ Log in to Quanum eLabs, EHR, ePrescribing Log in to Quanum eLabs for Hospitals Physician Informed Consent Education Center Sign-up for Newsletters Tools for Your Patients Health Plan Lookup For Companies & OrganizationsFind out how we can help you: Commercial Labs EHR Vendors Employers Government Agencies Health Plans - Health Insurers Life Insurers Pain Clinics Pharmaceutical RelationshipsLearn More About Us Our Products & Services Our Brands Innovations Facts at a Glance Laboratory and Office Locations Around the WorldGet Started With Us Contact UsInnovations That Matter We are passionate about developing innovative tests, products and services to enhance patient care, improve outcomes, and transform information into knowledge and insights. Explore our focus on innovation. Contact UsHome » Privacy » Privacy Notice Email Print Privacy HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices Privacy Notice Cookie Notice California Nevada European Union / European Economic Area Privacy ShieldPrivacy Notice We know that privacy is important to you. Your privacy is important to us too. This Notice explains how Quest Diagnostics and its affiliates collect information from or about you when you visit the websites or any applications that link to this Notice, and how we use, maintain, protect and disclose that information. Should you have any questions about this Notice or our privacy practices more generally, please email us at Privacy@QuestDiagnostics.com or write to us at: Quest Diagnostics Attention: Privacy Office 500 Plaza Drive Secaucus, NJ 07094 You can also call us at 800-222-0446, ext. 8954.

Personal Information We Collect Information From You We collect some information directly from you when you voluntarily provide it to us, for example: Contact Information: such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, and/or username and password, if you choose to create them.

Transaction Information: such as credit or debit card information, address and other information related to a billing or payment transaction, including things like information submitted to schedule an appointment and register for appointment reminders.

Client Services/Customer Care/Technical Assistance and Other Inquiries: such as, questions or comments you submit through online forms or via email. For instance, if you contact us by phone, we may record the conversation and or keep summaries or notes of the call.

Applicant Information: information you provide in connection with career opportunities, such as your resume, cover letters and demographics.

Other Information You Provide: any other information you may provide to us directly through our websites for things like whitepapers or surveys, or through social media.

Quest Diagnostics collects other information online automatically when you visit our websites or applications, which may also be described in our Cookie Notice. This can include things like: Device Information: including your IP address, browser types, operating system, device types and device IDs or advertising identifiers.

Usage Information: such as your browsing activity while on our websites or applications, what pages you visit and what you click, forms you complete or start to complete, search terms you use, whether you open emails and interact with content, access times, error logs and similar information.

Quest Diagnostics may also receive information about you from others, such as updated address information if we discover the information we have is no longer current.

How to Review and Change Your Personal Information If you register for a Quest Diagnostics account, you may review and change your personal information by logging in to MyQuest, clicking on your name at the top of the screen and then clicking on "Manage Profile," or by logging into our billing portal and then clicking "Manage My Account" and then "My Profile," or by logging in while making an Appointment, then clicking on the "Cancel/Change/Confirm" link and "Manage my Account."How We Use Personal Information That We Collect We may use your personal information: as reasonably necessary and proportionate to fulfill the purposes for which the information was provided to provide information, products or services to audit and measure user interaction with our websites, so we can improve the relevancy or effectiveness of our content and messaging to develop and carry out marketing, advertising and analytics to provide texts or emails containing information about our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to recipients, as permitted by law to deliver content and products or services relevant to your interests, including targeted ads on third party sites to detect security incidents or monitor for fraudulent or illegal activity debugging to identify and repair errors to comply with laws, regulations or other legal processWe may also use your personal information to: provide you with the services and products you request or that have been ordered and/or requested by your healthcare provider; process or collect payments for our services respond to your questions and otherwise provide support you request.

If you are using our websites or applications in connection with our HIPAA covered services, please refer to our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices , which describes how we use and disclose your protected health information, our legal duties with respect to your protected health information, and your rights with respect to your protected health information and how you may exercise them. In connection with HIPAA covered services, in the event of conflict between this Notice and our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices, our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices will prevail.

How We Share Your Personal Information We may share the information we collect as described below. When we share information, either within our company or with others, we take steps to require any recipients to uphold similar protections for information as that provided by Quest Diagnostics.

Within Quest Diagnostics. We may share your personal information with other Quest Diagnostics-owned business entities.

Service Providers/Vendors/Third Parties. We work with others to manage or support some of our business operations and services. These entities may be located outside of your country of residence or the country in which you are located.

For Legal Purposes. We may disclose relevant information as may be necessary or required for legal, compliance or regulatory purposes. This includes, for example, disclosures that are required to: (i) respond to duly authorized information requests of police and governmental authorities; (ii) comply with any law, regulation, subpoena, or court order; (iii) investigate and help prevent security threats, fraud or other malicious activity; (iv) enforce/protect the rights and properties of Quest or its subsidiaries; (v) protect the rights or personal safety of Quest Diagnostics, our employees, and third parties; or protect the security of our websites, systems, information, premises or property.

For Corporate Transactions. From time to time we sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize our businesses. Those corporate restructuring situations may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of it from sellers.

Otherwise with Your Consent. We may also share information about you with third parties if we ask you, and you provide, consent to such sharing.

Cookie Notice Our websites, like almost all other websites, use cookies and other technologies to collect and share information. Please see our Cookie Notice for more information.

Keeping Your Information Secure Quest Diagnostics has adopted physical, technical and administrative measures that are designed to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure appropriate use of personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of information. No security measures are infallible.

How can you help protect your information? If you are using a Quest Diagnostics website or application for which you registered and chose a password, you should not divulge your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also remember to sign out of the Quest Diagnostics website and close your browser window when you have finished your work.

Please note that unencrypted email is not a secure method of transmission, as information in such emails may be accessed and viewed by others while in transit to us. For this reason, we prefer that you not communicate confidential or sensitive information to us via regular unencrypted email. We will, however, honor patient requests for communications through unencrypted email.

Links to Other Sites Our websites may contain links to other websites that we do not own or operate. If you access those links, you will leave our websites. Quest does not control those third party websites or their privacy practices, which may differ from ours. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party sites, including about the content or security of those sites. The information you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Notice. We therefore recommend that you review the privacy notice of any third party websites.

Children's Privacy We do not knowingly collect information from children (as defined by local law) and we do not target our websites or applications to children. If we learn that we have collected any information from children, we will delete it.

Additional Rights of Individuals in Certain Jurisdictions Nevada: Please click here for information about and rights available to Nevada residents and how to exercise them.

California: Please click here for information about, and rights available to, California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and how to exercise them.

In addition to your CCPA rights, California's "Shine the Light" law permits residents of California to annually request and obtain information free of charge about what personal information is disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the third parties' own direct marketing purposes.

EU/European Economic Area/United Kingdom: If you are located in one of these locations, this Notice does not apply to you. Please click here to access the Data Protection Notice for Patients and other Individuals located in these areas.

EU-US Privacy Shield Framework As further described in our Privacy Shield Notice, Quest Diagnostics and some of our US-based affiliated companies have certified to and comply with the Privacy Shield Framework to facilitate the transfer of personal data from the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom to the United States. For more information on Privacy Shield or to view our certification, please visit here.

Non-Discrimination Notice Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and its subsidiaries (Quest Diagnostics) complies with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. Quest Diagnostics does not exclude people or treat them differently because of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex.

Quest Diagnostics: Provides language services free of charge to people whose primary language is not English, such as: Qualified interpreters Provides aids and services free of charge to people with disabilities to communicate effectively with us, such as: Auxiliary aids and services Written information in other formats (audio, accessible electronic formats, other formats)If you need these services, contact 1.844.698.1022 or ask at a Quest Diagnostics patient service center.

If you believe that Quest Diagnostics has failed to provide these services or discriminated in another way on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex, you can file a grievance with: Quest Diagnostics Civil Rights Coordinator 1201 S. Collegeville Road Collegeville, PA 19426 1.800.420.7225 PatientAdvocacy@QuestDiagnostics.com.

You can file a grievance in person or by mail, fax, or email. If you need help filing a grievance, the Quest Diagnostics Civil Rights Coordinator is available to help you.

You can also file a civil rights complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office for Civil Rights, electronically through the Office for Civil Rights Complaint Portal, available at https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/portal/lobby.jsf, or by mail or phone at: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 200 Independence Avenue, SW Room 509F, HHH Building Washington, D.C. 20201 1.800.368.1019, 800.537.7697 (TDD) Language Assistance Services ATTENTION: If you speak English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. Call 1.844.698.1022.

ATENCIÓN: si habla Español (Spanish), tiene a su disposición servicios gratuitos de asistencia lingüística. Llame al 1.844.698.1022.

注意：如果您使用繁體中文(Chinese), 您可以免費獲得語言援助服務。請致電1.844.698.1022。 ATTENTION : Si vous parlez Français(French), des services d'aide linguistique vous sont proposés gratuitement. Appelez le 1.844.698.1022.

ATANSYON: Si w pale Kreyòl Ayisyen(French Creole), gen sèvis èd pou lang ki disponib gratis pou ou. Rele 1.844.698.1022.

PAUNAWA: Kung nagsasalita ka ng Tagalog(Tagalog), maaari kang gumamit ng mga serbisyo ng tulong sa wika nang walang bayad. Tumawag sa 1.844.698.1022.

CHÚ Ý: Nếu bạn nói Tiếng Việt(Vietnamese), có các dịch vụ hỗ trợ ngôn ngữ miễn phí dành cho bạn. Gọi số 1.844.698.1022.

주의: 한국어(Korean)를 사용하시는 경우, 언어 지원 서비스를 무료로 이용하실 수 있습니다. 1.844.698.1022 번으로 전화해 주십시오.

ACHTUNG: Wenn Sie Deutsch(German) sprechen, stehen Ihnen kostenlos sprachliche Hilfsdienstleistungen zur Verfügung. Rufnummer: 1.844.698.1022.

ملحوظة: إذا كنت تتحدث اذكر(Arabic) اللغة، فإن خدمات المساعدة اللغوية تتوافر لك بالمجان. اتصل برقم 1.844.698.1022.

ВНИМАНИЕ: Если вы говорите на Pусском(Russian) языке, то вам доступны бесплатные услуги перевода. Звоните 1.844.698.1022.

ATTENZIONE: In caso la lingua parlata sia l'Italiano(Italian), sono disponibili servizi di assistenza linguistica gratuiti. Chiamare il numero 1.844.698.1022.

ATENÇÃO: Se fala Português(Portuguese), encontram-se disponíveis serviços linguísticos, grátis. Ligue para 1.844.698.1022.

ध्यान दें: यदि आप हिंदी(Hindi) बोलते हैं तो आपके लिए मुफ्त में भाषा सहायता सेवाएं उपलब्ध हैं। 1.844.698.1022 पर कॉल करें।UWAGA: Jeżeli mówisz po Polsku(Polish), możesz skorzystać z bezpłatnej pomocy językowej. Zadzwoń pod numer 1.844.698.1022.

注意事項：日本語(Japanese)を話される場合、無料の言語支援をご利用いただけます。1.844.698.1022 まで、お電話にてご連絡ください。 Updates To This Privacy Notice From time to time, we may change this Privacy Notice. If we make changes, we will revise the "Last Updated" date at the bottom of this Notice. We encourage you to review this Notice periodically to be sure you are aware of those changes. Changes will become effective as of the "Last Updated" date.

Last Updated: May 28, 2020 Top of Page Quest Diagnostics Health Trends™.

Our reports offer disease and wellness insights, helping inform professionals, policymakers and patients.

Cutting-edge testing.We've introduced over 100 tests, and many have become the standard of care.

So easy for patients.Patient testing locations nationwide, appointments, reminders, and more.Home For Patients For Physicians & Hospitals For Companies & Organizations Contact Us Newsroom Investors Site Map Terms Cookie Notice Privacy Shield DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION Privacy Language Assistance / Non-Discrimination Notice Asistencia de Idiomas / Aviso de no Discriminación 語言協助 / 不歧視通知 Quest, Quest Diagnostics, the associated logo, Nichols Institute, and all associated Quest Diagnostics marks are the registered trademarks of Quest Diagnostics. All third-party marks-®' and ™'-are the property of their respective owners. © 2000-2020 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated. All rights reserved.

International Locations: Follow Quest Diagnostics: Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn

