OneTouch Reveal® Privacy Policy Last updated: 05/2020.Welcome Welcome to the OneTouch Reveal® app. LifeScan, Inc. ("LifeScan", "We", or "Us") cares about your privacy and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose information. This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about the practices regarding the collection, use, retention, and disclosure of information about you when using the OneTouch Reveal® app (the "Application"), operated as data controller by LifeScan, Inc. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using the OneTouch Reveal® app.

By registering for or otherwise using the Application, you (hereinafter "you" or "your") acknowledge the terms of this Privacy Policy. Specifically, by providing consent through the registration process, you authorize the collection, use, retention, and disclosure of information about you by LifeScan and its affiliates, business partners, and service providers for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or as described to you during your interactions with the Application. For example, We might further clarify Our practices when you use the Application or one of its functions.

If you are a California resident please also read the California Privacy Notice. For California residents, references in this Privacy Policy below are deemed to include the California Privacy Notice.

Third Party Sites and Services Please note that this Privacy Policy applies solely to the use of the Application. If you use other websites or web applications operated by LifeScan, the privacy policy of those websites or applications would apply. This Application is intended for use by residents of the United States.

This Privacy Policy does not address, and We are not responsible for privacy, information, or other practices of third parties, including any third party operating any site or on-line service (including, without limitation, any application) that is available through this Application or to which this Application contains a link. The availability of, or inclusion of a link to any such site does not imply endorsement of it by us or by our affiliates. We encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices and terms of use of the other applications and websites that you use.

Connecting with the Apple® Health App If you use Apple® Health from Apple, you can instruct the Mobile Application to send copies of the blood sugar levels, carbohydrate intake, exercise, and insulin data to Apple® Health. The processing of that information about you that you release to Apple® Health is governed by the Apple® Health privacy policy. You can stop further release of this information by the Application to Apple® Health by going to the Connections page found under the 'More' menu in the Mobile Application.

Information Collection Information about you is collected through a variety of sources, such as directly from you and through your interaction with the Application, from your meter or pump, from your healthcare provider, and / or from your care team. For example, We collect or derive information about you through the Application when you provide health information, such as your blood sugar levels, treatment approach, and activities. Many functions of the Application involve you directly submitting information so you may benefit from features or participate in activities using the Application. We may combine this information with information We collect about you from other sources, such as from your physician or health insurer, if you authorize this with your explicit consent. If you submit any personal information relating to another individual to us, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

The following types of personal information are being actively collected: Registration information (contact details).

Health data related to the diabetes management as well as your choices regarding sharing health data (health condition and/or treatment for diabetes (i.e. information related to meter readings (e.g. timestamp and value) and information related to your diabetes (e.g. type and its management, such as medication, diet and exercise))).

Please refer also to the section on Automatic Information Collection and Use for details on information collected passively during your use of the Application.

We will inform you when information you provide is required and when it is optional.

Automatic Information Collection and Use The Application automatically collects information about you and your use of it, such as what functions you use, and how you interact with it. For example, the application analyzes your blood sugar levels that you enter or allow to be imported from a meter, and based on those entries determines if there are patterns. We may also automatically collect information about you from website interaction, analytics partners, and other parties. Such information is used to help provide services, make notifications, and generally understand and improve the services of the Application. For example, We may receive information about your interactions with the Application so that We may determine the effectiveness of Our services. The Application creates and sends information about your use of the Application (such as the functions you use) and your device (such as its model number, version, and device identifier) to Our service providers, which compile the usage data into aggregate and statistical reporting for Our use in managing the quality and performance of the Application. We use this data to troubleshoot the Application, to report on the level of service that We provide, to adjust to new usage patterns, and to otherwise improve Our services. When you interact with the Application, your device may communicate other technical information that We use as part of Our services. For example, as you use the Application, your device communicates with Our technology, which in turn keeps records of your interactivity and requests for services and content to assist Us in managing and improving the utility of the Application, and to conduct research and analysis on its use. The types of such interactive information may include the time and date, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, device identifier, Application version, requests made, and related technical usage information. We use persistent identifiers to authenticate you to the Application, to analyze how the Application is used, to link information about how you use the Application with your account, and to help tailor Our services. Our affiliates, business partners, and service providers may also use similar technical means for these purposes. To allow the Company systems and those of Our service providers to communicate with your device and the Application, both the Application and your device transmit your device's identifier and its current IP address. Some browsers have Do Not Track (DNT) features that let the user indicate a preference not to have online activities tracked. This feature is not technically available to the Application.

Please read the Cookie Policy in the Web Application for detailed information about cookies and other tracking technologies used by Web Application. The Cookie Policy includes information on how you may disable these technologies. If you do not disable them and continue to use our Application, we will infer your consent to their use.

How We Use and Disclose Information We-along with Our affiliates, business partners, and service providers-use the information about you to support your use of the Application. Information about you may include direct identifiers-such as your name, user name or number, email address, device identifier, device IP address, and other contact information-and other information associated with the direct identifiers-such as account information, profile information, transaction information, health information, activity related to the Application, communications through the Application, and other types of information. If you provide information through the Application, We may combine such information with other information-such as from your caregivers, healthcare providers, and from our affiliates, business partners, and service providers-unless We specify otherwise. We collect, use, retain, and transfer information about you related to this Application as follows: For your personal use and to interact with your healthcare provider such as your doctor. To provide you the specific services that you select, such as health tracking, patterns, and reports. To send you communications regarding health adherence. For Our interaction with you. To provide you with customer service. To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send information, notifications, and other communications that you request. To send notifications and other types of communications, including for promotional purposes. To send you important information regarding Our relationship with you, the Application, changes to Our terms, conditions, and policies, and other administrative information. After your opt-in, personalizing your experience with the Application by presenting products and offers tailored to you. For statistical and aggregated data processing. For other business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing the Application, improving Our products and services, identifying Application usage trends, and determining the effectiveness of Our promotional campaigns.

We also disclose and share information collected through the Application as follows: to our affiliates but only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. A list of our affiliates is available via email at CustomerService@LifeScan.com. LifeScan, Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Information; to our third party partners with whom we offer a co-branded or co-marketed promotion, if you authorize us to do so; to our third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting and moderating, mobile application hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer service, e-mail and direct mail delivery services, auditing, and other services, in order to enable them to provide services; and as permitted by applicable law, to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).

We may also provide information about you and your use of the Application to others or for other purposes if you authorize Us to do so. For example, We may offer specific functions associated to specific business partners, for which more information about you may be exchanged. In such a case, We would inform you about the nature of the information being provided and receive your acceptance (which may be by selecting a button or engaging in other electronic actions that signifies your acceptance) before We exchange the additional information about you. We might directly ask you, or We might be able to rely on settings you have made to your account profile to authorize an information disclosure. In addition, we may use and disclose your information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with legal process or applicable law, which may include laws outside your country of residence; (b) as permitted by applicable law to respond to requests from public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence; (c) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (d) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others. We may also use and disclose your information in other ways, after obtaining your consent to do so. Also, where allowed by applicable law, we may use and disclose information that is not in personally identifiable form for any purpose. If we combine information that is not in personally identifiable form with information that is identifiable (such as combining your geographical location with your name), we will treat the combined information as personal information as long as it is combined.

Choosing to share your information with Care Teams The Application allows you to share your diabetes information with a registered doctor, pharmacist, nurse, other healthcare professional, case manager, certified diabetes educator or Clinic of your choice ("Care Team"). If you choose to share your data, your Care Team would be able to view all of the information from your blood sugar meter, insulin pump and/or continuous glucose monitor, as well as any other information you entered into the Website.

Choices and Access We may communicate with you through the Application and by email. You may manage certain other ways in which We communicate with you. For example, you may subscribe or unsubscribe to certain communications from Us, such as for notifications and marketing. You may not unsubscribe from administrative messages that We may send, such as to alert you of changes in Our Privacy Policy or Terms of Use.

We do provide you choices regarding Our use and disclosure of information about you for other communication purposes. You may opt-in to: Receive communications from Us: We may ask for your consent to send informational messages to you such as messages to improve your understanding of the medications you are taking as well as conditions for which those medications are typically taken. If you no longer want to receive these communications from Us, you can change your preferences in your My Account settings. You may also contact Us as described below or follow the unsubscribe instructions included in the email messages you receive.

You may manage your Application-related account profile and related information by selecting the My Account tab in the Application. If you have questions about managing the information about you related to the Application you may contact Us as described below. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.

Security When the Application communicates with Our systems, the information is sent over encrypted communication channels. When the Application communicates with Our analytics providers, the information is also sent over encrypted communication channels. We take other reasonable steps to protect information about you, including protecting the information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration. Please keep in mind that no website, web application, software, or supporting system is ever completely secure or error-free. If you have reason to believe that the security of your account has been compromised, or have any other related concerns, please contact Us immediately as described below.

Retention Period We will retain your personal information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: (i) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Service to you; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; and (iii) whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory investigations).

Use by Minors The Service is not directed to individuals under the age of 18, and we request that these individuals do not provide personal information through the Service. If your child has submitted Personal Information and you would like to request that such Personal Information be removed, please contact us as explained below under "Contacting Us". We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of mobile applications and the Internet.

Cross-border Transfer Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or service providers, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. By using the Application or by providing consent (where required by law), you agree to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including to the United States, which may provide for different data protection rules than those of your country.

Sensitive Information Notwithstanding the health related functionality of the Application, unless we specifically request or invite it, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any other sensitive personal information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, criminal background or trade union membership) through the Application (e.g., in the Logbook Notes) or otherwise to us. In those cases where we may request or invite you to provide other sensitive information, we will do so with your express consent.

Contacting Us If you have any questions, comments, or other requests concerning this Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Application, please contact a representative at: LifeScan, Inc.

1 866 693-0599 CustomerService@LifeScan.com Updates to this Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy when We update the Application version. In case the changes to your personal data processing, captured within the updated Privacy Policy, are significant, you will be prompted to read it prior to continued use of the Application. We also encourage you to read the Privacy Policy whenever you install an update to the Application. Please look at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Your use of the Application following these changes indicates that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.

Version Number: 4.6

