The website uses cookies Some are used for statistical purposes and others are set up by third party services. By clicking 'Accept all', you accept the use of cookies.

Accept all Show details Hide details Cookie Policy About cookies Strictly necessary Strictly necessary cookies help make a website navigable by activating basic functions such as page navigation and access to secure website areas. Without these cookies, the website would not be able to work properly.

Name: __cfduid Provider: .us.klarify.me Purpose: Required for the website to perform properly.

Expiry: a month Name: CookieInformationConsent Provider: us.klarify.me Purpose: Supports the website's technical functions.

Expiry: a year Functional Functional cookies make it possible to save information that changes the way the website appears or acts. For instance your preferred language or region.

Name: _shopify_sa_t Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Supports the functions of a "Content Management System" to ensure that the website works properly.

Expiry: 30 minutes Name: secure_customer_sig Provider: us.klarify.me Purpose: Supports the functions of a "Content Management System" to ensure that the website works properly.

Expiry: 20 years Name: _orig_referrer Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Supports the functions of a "Content Management System" to ensure that the website works properly.

Expiry: 14 days Name: _shopify_s Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Supports the functions of a "Content Management System" to ensure that the website works properly.

Expiry: 30 minutes Name: _shopify_fs Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Supports the functions of a "Content Management System" to ensure that the website works properly.

Expiry: 2 years Name: _landing_page Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Supports the functions of a "Content Management System" to ensure that the website works properly.

Expiry: 14 days Name: cart_sig Provider: us.klarify.me Purpose: Supports the functions of a "Content Management System" to ensure that the website works properly.

Expiry: 14 days Name: _shopify_sa_p Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Supports the functions of a "Content Management System" to ensure that the website works properly.

Expiry: 30 minutes Name: _shopify_y Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Supports the functions of a "Content Management System" to ensure that the website works properly.

Expiry: a year Statistical Statistical cookies help the website owner understand how visitors interact with the website by collecting and reporting information.

Name: _gat Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes.

Expiry: a few seconds Name: Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes.

Expiry: a year Name: Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes.

Expiry: 30 minutes Name: _ga Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes.

Expiry: 2 years Name: _gid Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes.

Expiry: a day Marketing Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and interesting to the individual user and thus more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers.

Name: Provider: www.facebook.com Purpose: Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms.

Expiry: Session Name: Provider: .facebook.com Purpose: Facebook's primary advertising cookie, used to deliver, measure and improve the relevancy of ads.

Expiry: 3 months Name: _fbp Provider: .klarify.me Purpose: Identifies browsers for the purposes of providing advertising and site analytics services.

Expiry: 3 months Unclassified We are in the process of classifying unclassified cookies together with the providers of the individual cookies.

Name: cookietest Provider: us.klarify.me Purpose: Pending Expiry: Session Name: cart_ver Provider: us.klarify.me Purpose: Expiry: 14 days Name: _shg_session_id Provider: us.klarify.me Purpose: Expiry: 30 minutes Name: _shg_user_id Provider: us.klarify.me Purpose: Expiry: 5 years Name: location_popup Provider: us.klarify.me Purpose: Expiry: Session Your consent applies to the following domains: us.klarify.me Cookie declaration last updated on 03.07.2020 03.07.2020 What is a cookie? A cookie is a small datafile that is saved on your computer, tablet or mobile phone. A cookie is not a program that can contain harmful programs or viruses.

How/why the homepage uses cookies Cookies are necessary for the homepage to function. Cookies help us get an overview of your visit to the homepage so that we can continually optimise and adjust the homepage to your requirements and interests. For example, cookies remember what you might have added to a shopping cart, if you have previously visited the page, if you are logged in and what languages and currency you want displayed on the homepage. We also use cookies to target our ads to you on other homepages. On a very general level, cookies are used as part of our services in order to show content that is as relevant as possible to you.

How long are cookies saved? How long cookies are saved on your device can vary. The time when they are scheduled to expire is calculated from the last date you visited the homepage. When cookies expire, they are automatically deleted. You can view a complete list of cookies below.

This is how you can reject or delete your cookiesYou can always reject cookies on your computer, tablet or phone by changing your browser settings. Where these settings can be found depends on the type of browser you are using. If you do change the settings, please be aware that there will be some functions and services that you cannot use because they rely on the homepage being able to remember the choices you have made.

You can choose to not receive cookies from Google Analytics here.

Deleting cookies You can delete cookies that you have previously accepted. If you are using a PC with a recent version of a browser, you can delete your cookies by using these shortcut keys: CTRL + SHIFT + Delete.

If the shortcut keys do not work and/or you are using an Apple computer, you must find out what browser you are using and then click on the relevant link: Internet Explorer Microsoft Edge Mozilla Firefox Google Chrome Opera Safari Flash cookies Apple Android Windows 7Remember: If you are using several different browsers, you must delete the cookies in all of them.

Do you have any questions? Should you have any questions or comments in connection with this information and/or our processing of personal data, you are welcome to get in touch with us. The cookie declaration itself is updated every month via Cookie Information. If you have any questions regarding the Cookie Information, you can send an email to info@cookieinformation.com.

Save settings Click to see pollen count for your area Find A Doctor About Allergy Hay fever Dust mite allergy Having multiple allergies Sensitization or allergyIf you're affected by pollen, our app can help Learn More Allergy Symptoms Hay fever symptoms Dust mite allergy symptoms Allergies or cold Allergic rhinitisAre you in control of your symptoms? Take the test Allergy Diagnosis Allergy testing Skin prick tests Blood tests Home allergy testsWhat's allergy testing all about? Learn More Allergy Treatment Antihistamines Corticosteroids Allergy immunotherapyReady to see a doctor? Search Now PRIVACY POLICY ALK understands that the security of your private information is important and we take the protection of personal data that you provide on us.klarify.me or other of our websites (collectively, "Website") or the klarify mobile application ("App") and through other means very seriously. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how we collect, manage, use, protect and disclose the information that you may provide via our Website or App. By visiting our Website or App, or by registering as a user of the on-line services that we provide, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to our Terms of Use, as they may be amended from time to time. ALK ("we", "us", "our") means our entire company, including our United States affiliates, subsidiaries and related companies.

Our site may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by ALK. This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by ALK, and does not apply to any information collected by any third party. Accordingly, we recommend that you read the applicable third party privacy policies and terms for more information.

Collection and Use of Personal Information You can use our Website and App without disclosing your personal data. You are not required to provide personal information as a condition of using our Website or App, except as may be necessary to provide you with information, products or services at your request. If you request information, products, or services from our Website or App, or ask us to resolve complaints or concerns, we may require certain information necessary to fulfill your request (e.g., your name, contact information, and other identifying information). Personal information that you provide may be used by ALK to provide you with information, such as educational and marketing information about our products. We may use your information for market research and other marketing purposes, and for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy. Please do not submit any personal information if you do not want it to be collected.

We collect personal information only when you provide it to us, through registration, completion of forms or e-mails, as part of an order for products or services, inquiries or requests about materials being ordered and similar situations in which you have chosen to provide the information to us. If you choose not to provide any requested personal information, you may be unable to access certain areas of the Website or App, such as password protected areas. We will retain control of and responsibility for the use of any personal information you disclose to us. Any data used by the App and Website will either be stored on your device, outside of our control, or used by Google Analytics, as described below.

Data Processed by Us When You Use Our Website We may process your contact information (including first name, last name, email address) when you provide such information on our Website to receive our newsletter, to resolve issues, or to provide answers to inquiries. You may notify us at any time that you wish to unsubscribe by either clicking on the unsubscribe link in our newsletter, or by notifying our Customer Service Department at the address below.

Data Processed by Us When You Use Our App We may process your contact information (including first name, last name, email address), date of birth and gender. This is to enable you to install the App, create a profile, share information and receive information, services or other offers tailored to your needs, to resolve issues or to provide answers to your inquiries (as relevant), and to provide the App and to help improve the App. Data will only be retained for as long as you wish (see "Right of Access, Correction and Cancellation/Opt-Out" section below) or as long as we believe is relevant to the business situation or service, whichever is the earlier. Data will be collected from the information you provide to us when creating your profile through our App. You are required to provide the data for the purpose of creating a profile and without that data, you will not get most out of the app and personalized insights.

We may process behavioral analytical data, whether notifications (may include alerts, sounds and icon badges) are on or off, whether permission has been given to receive our newsletter, and any health data you have provided. This is to personalize the user experience, customize your content and provide personalized offers to you, and to track the performance of the App and user behavior so that we can improve the user experience, and to improve, develop and provide a better personalized product and service. Data will only be retained for as long as you wish (see "Right of Access, Correction and Cancellation/Opt-Out" section below) or as long as we believe is relevant to the business situation or service, whichever is the earlier. Data will be collected from the information you provide to us and through the way you use our App. You can switch off data collection at any time in the App settings, but without that data, we will not be able to ensure that pollen information is accurate and personalized.

We may process geographical location, and the users' pollen log including date and time. This is to give you more accurate air quality and pollen data and to personalize your experience, and to ensure that pollen information is personalized and to collect anonymized data used for statistical purposes in order to improve the App. Data will only be retained for as long as you wish (see "Right of Access, Correction and Cancellation/Opt-Out" section below) or as long as we believe is relevant to the business situation or service, whichever is the earlier. Data will be collected from the information you provide to us when entering your current location and using the allergy log. You are not required to provide the data if you do not want to, in which case your location will not be used, and you will not receive accurate pollen information. You can change your preference at any time in your settings. You can also download and delete the data the App has collected about you at any time in your settings. This will not include deletion of any anonymized data used for statistical purposes.

Disclosure of Personal Information ALK does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. We may retain third party vendors to assist us to perform services on your behalf. Such third party vendors may be provided with access to your personal information to perform their obligations pursuant to contractual obligations with us, but for no other purpose. We may share your personal information with a company in connection with the sale or transfer of one of our product lines, business units or affiliates to that company. Such company will be required to use and protect your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy. ALK reserves the right to disclose your personal information to respond to duly authorized information requests from governmental authorities or when otherwise required by law.

Use of Cookies Cookies are used in order for us to improve the efficiency of your individual use of the Website [and the App]. Cookies are small text file identifiers that are sent to your web browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow the Website to remember your computer on return visits. This is particularly important for websites or an app that require you to sign in as it speeds up your access. We may use both session cookies that are deleted when you close your web browser and persistent cookies that may be used by the Website on subsequent visits. When you use our Website, we automatically receive the name of you internet service provider, the website that you used prior to our Website, the websites that you visit from our Website and your Internet protocol address. This information is not linked to personally identifiable information.

Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies automatically but you can change the web browser's settings to refuse new cookies, disable existing ones or let you know before new cookies are stored on your computer. However, if you refuse or disable cookies, some of the Website's functionality may be lost. We may also include web beacons (also known as web bug, pixel tag or clear GIFs) on our Website or e-mails. Web beacons help us monitor the effectiveness of the Website by measuring the activity of the Website or how many users clicked on any elements of the Website. Web beacons do not automatically obtain personal information from you but can tell us when you have opened your email or visited the Website. If you want to delete any cookies or web beacons that are already on your computer or stop cookies or web beacons being stored on your computer in the future, see the "Help" section of your web browser. For additional information about deleting or controlling cookies or web beacons, see www.aboutcookies.org.

In addition to the cookies and similar technologies set out in our cookie policy, we use a technology service called Hotjar on this site to analyze customers' browsing patterns to enable us to understand our users' experience and improve our website. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users' behavior and their devices (such as technical data (including Internet Protocol address in anonymized form), geographic location (country), and language preference). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar's privacy policy by clicking on this link. You can opt-out of the creation of a user profile by Hotjar, Hotjar's storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar's use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.

Google Analytics Our app and website use Google Analytics. Please refer to "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps" for further information (located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).

Do Not Track and Advertising Across Different Websites We currently do not change our tracking practices in response to "do-not-track" signals or other similar mechanisms. Third parties that have content or services on our website such as a social feature, analytics service, or an advertising network partner, may obtain information about your browsing or usage habits. These third parties do not change their tracking practices in response to "do-not-track" signals from your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor "do-not-track" signals. To learn more about browser tracking signals and "Do Not Track," please visit www.allaboutdnt.comSecurity ALK uses reasonable technical and organizational security precautions to protect your personal information from manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons. Any personal data that is provided to ALK by you will be encrypted in transit to prevent its possible misuse by third parties. Our security procedures are continuously revised based on new technological developments. Due to the nature of Internet communications, we cannot guarantee that such communications are 100% secure or error-free and disclaim that the information you provide us will remain free from theft, loss, or unauthorized access or use by third parties, despite our best efforts. You are responsible for maintaining the privacy of your own passwords and other special access numbers you might use to access the Website and App.

Children Children under the age of 13 are not the intended audience for the Website or App. In light of the importance of protecting children's privacy, we do not knowingly collect personal information from this age group without prior parental or legal guardian consent.

Right of Access, Correction and Cancellation/Opt-Out You have the right to access, review, correct, amend, change, restrict, and delete your preferences, your personal information stored in our system, withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data in the future, and/or receive a copy of your personal information stored in our system. You also have the right to opt-out of our communications and discontinue receiving educational and/or promotional information at any time. Please contact our Customer Service Department at the address below.

Updates to Privacy Policy We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time so please review the Privacy Policy each time you access the Website and App. Material changes will be indicated on the revised Privacy Policy. Any changes will be effective immediately as of the updated revision date indicated below.

Contact Us Please contact us with any problems, questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy atsupport-us@klarify.me, 800-325-7354 or ALK-Abelló, Inc., 1700 Royston Lane, Round Rock, TX 78664.

Last updated: June 4, 2020 Find A Doctor About Allergy Hay fever Dust mite allergy Having multiple allergies Sensitization or allergyIf you're impacted by pollen, our app can help.Learn More Allergy Symptoms Hay fever symptoms Dust mite allergy symptoms Allergies or cold Allergic rhinitisAre you in control of your symptoms? Take the Test Allergy Diagnosis Allergy testing Skin prick tests Blood tests Home allergy testsCurious what types of test are available? Learn More Allergy Treatment Antihistamines Corticosteroids Allergy immunotherapyReady to see a doctor? Search Now Find A Doctor About Allergy Hay fever Dust mite allergy Having multiple allergies Sensitization or allergyIf you're impacted by pollen, our app can help.Learn More Allergy Symptoms Hay fever symptoms Dust mite allergy symptoms Allergies or cold Allergic rhinitisAre you in control of your symptoms? Take the Test Allergy Diagnosis Allergy testing Skin prick tests Blood tests Home allergy testsCurious what types of test are available? Learn More Allergy Treatment Antihistamines Corticosteroids Allergy immunotherapyReady to see a doctor? Search Now Facebook Allergy Control Checker Our Allergy App Our Story Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact UsALK-Abelló, Inc., 1700 Royston Lane, Round Rock, TX 78664 © 2020 ALK-Abelló, Inc. All Rights Reserved

