Games About Shop Contact MoreNewsPrivacy Policy Privacy Policy Effective Date: Feb 19, 2020 Datenschutzrichtlinie Who Are We? We are My Town Games Ltd, an Israeli Company who produces the My Town Games. We are located at HaPelech St 7, Tel-Aviv Israel.

This privacy policy is meant to comply with your rights under law, and to ensure that you receive adequate information about how your information is collected, processed, conveyed and deleted.

We acknowledge that our games are meant for young children; and as we are aware that they cannot understand legal documents, we request that you provide your consent as the legal guardian of your child.

The My Town : Discovery app on IOS & Android is certified COPPA compliant.

The app does not actively collect any information from children.

It does collect technical information which does not specifically identify a user but supports the operation of the app.

device_type,mobile_brand_name,mobile_model_name,platform_version,device_id,country,session,page views We work with the following third parties in this app: We use Firebase Analytics for database and statistics. We collect this information for internal use only and it can't be used to identify a user. This third party is prohibited from sharing any data. For more information please review the Firebase privacy policy here: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/We use Unity as a game engine. Unity does not collect any user data. For more information on Unity, please review their privacy policy here: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policyWe may make changes to the policy from time to time so please be sure to check regularly. If we make a material change to this policy and we have your contact details we will contact you before we make the change.

If you would like more information please contact us at: privacy@my-town.comKids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification Apps Factory Media Ltd is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA Safe Harbor Certification Program ("the Program"). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children's personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA certification Seal posted on this page indicates Apps Factory Media Ltd has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO's oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at privacy@my-town.com. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com.

Privacy and the rest of our apps: How Do We Collect and process your inforamtion? We understand the importance of our users' personal information, and more importantly the information pertaining to children under 13 years of age. We do not collect or require users to enter their personal information when using our Products. We do not collect any personal information from children with our apps.

We may receive your non-personal data indirectly from the following third party analytics or advertisers providers. These third parties do not share your user data; they are used to support the operation of our apps and they are all COPPA compliance. (respective privacy policies are noted below): Google analytics Unity Back4app Google Admob Kidoz Superawesome IronsrcWe may use the below third party attribution platform to record installs of our apps in relation to the parent experience, as well as to track in-app events in the parent's section of our apps (privacy policy noted below): AppsflyerDo We Use Cookies? We use cookies in order to allow your child to log-in to our game when he uses the web interface. A cookie is a small file stored on your computer which may be later also used to identify him. We may also allow several third parties to place cookies. In that case, these cookies may be used to identify your child in their services as well. These third parties include : Google Analytics.

Why Are Children So Special? Your children are special and important. The law provides them with greater protections than adults, which includes their right not to have their personal data used for marketing purposes, and that they may delete this data at any time. It also grants them the right to not be subject to data collection without their specific consent. While under some jurisdictions, the collection of a child's personal data is not conditioned on consent, we take the harsher approach and apply this condition to all jurisdictions.

How Do We Collect Information? We collect information when a user play the game or makes purchases All this information is collected and stored on our Firebase database and transferred via secure socket layer (SSL). We use encryption to make sure that third parties cannot listen on the conversation between your mobile device and our servers, and to ensure that information is sent only to our servers, in order to minimize the chance of a malicious entity that might want to impersonate our server.

How Can You Review Your Child's Information? You can always send us a message at privacy@my-town.com and request that we send you a copy of all your personal data. when doing so, we will first verify your identity, and thereafter we shall provide you with a copy of some information. Please note that if we are unable to verify your identity, we may choose to delete all information in lieu of sending a copy, and that is to increase security.

How Can You Amend, Delete or Request That We Cease Processing Personal Data? Yes. You can send us a message atprivacy@my-town.com and request that we amend, delete or cease processing of personal data. We will honor these requests and do so, while retaining only the information we need to enforce our legal rightsWho Can You Contact? If you feel your privacy was violated, send us an email to our privacy officer, at privacy@my-town.com or +9725255559684 and Our officer shall respond and investigate these complaints. He will also publish periodic reports if a specific issue shall arise.

Awards Don't just take our word for it.Take a peak at some of the awards we got over the years.

Previous Next Join our Newsletter Be the first one to know about Free games and updatesVisit us: Games My Town My City My Little Princess WonderLandAbout About News ShopContact Contact us Privacy Policy© Copyright My Town Games Ltd 2020 | Privacy

