Skip to main content your browser is not supported To use ASOS, we recommend using the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, Safari or Internet Explorer Marketplace Help & FAQsASOS logo, back to the Home Page WOMEN MENSearch for items, brands and inspiration Search: Search Sign In Join My Account My Orders Returns Information Contact PreferencesNew in Clothing Shoes Accessories Activewear Face + Body Brands Outlet Marketplace Inspiration NEW PRODUCTS View all Clothing Shoes Accessories Face + Body Back in stock ASOS DESIGN Models at home Trending nowSHOP BY RANGE ASOS Curve & Plus Size Maternity Petite TallNEW EDITS Fresh looks Charlotte TilburySHOP BY PRODUCT Up to 50% off fresh looks New in Co-ords Coats & Jackets Dresses Hoodies & Sweatshirts Jeans Jumpsuits & Rompers Lingerie & Sleepwear Loungewear Multipacks Pants & Leggings Shorts Skirts Suits & Tailoring Sweaters & Cardigans Swimwear & Beachwear Tops Tracksuits WorkwearSHOP BY RANGE ASOS Curve & Plus size Maternity Petite TallSHOP BY EDIT Vacation Workwear Going out-out Wedding guest Models at home Tie dye editSHOP BY PRODUCT View all New in Boots Flat Sandals Flat shoes Heels Sandals Sliders & Flip flops Sneakers Socks & TightsSHOP BY BRAND ASOS DESIGN Converse Dr Martens Public Desire Steve Madden Ugg Sandals New-season sneakersSHOP BY PRODUCT View all New in Bags & Purses Belts Face coverings Gifts Hair accessories Hats Jewelry Socks & Tights Sunglasses WatchesShop By Brand ASOS DESIGN Astrid & Miyu Olivia Burton Ray-Ban Skinnydip Ted Baker Anklets Face coveringsSHOP BY PRODUCT 30% off sneaker brands View all Accessories Jackets Leggings & Pants Shoes Shorts Sports bras TopsShop by activity Ski & Snowboard Gym & Training Running Outdoors Swim Yoga & Studio ASOS 4505 RunningShop By Product View all New in Body care Gifts Hair care Makeup Nails Skin care Suncare & Tanning Tools & AccessoriesShop By Brand Benefit Bondi Sands Caudalie Charlotte Tilbury First Aid Beauty ghd St Tropez Sunday Rain The Ordinary VERB View all brands Charlotte Tilbury Olaplex Conair LanolipsTOP BRANDS 30% off sneaker brands ASOS Brands ASOS DESIGN ASOS EDITION ASOS 4505 & Other Stories adidas AllSaints Bershka COLLUSION Designer Brands Dr Martens Free People Levi's Mango Missguided Monki Never Fully Dressed New Look Nike Pull&Bear River Island Stradivarius Topshop Weekday A-Z of brands ASOS DESIGN COLLUSION Stradivarius Free PeopleSHOP BY PRODUCT Up to 50% off fresh looks View all New in: Clothing New in: Shoes & Accessories Accessories Activewear Bags & Purses Jackets & Coats Dresses Face + Body Gifts Jeans Jewelry & Watches Knitwear Jumpsuits Lingerie & Sleepwear Shoes Shorts Skirts Suits & Blazers Sunglasses Swimwear Tops Pants & Leggings A-Z of brandsSHOP BY RANGE ASOS Curve & Plus size Maternity Petite Tall Further Reductions: Up to 70% Off Activewear Summer editEXPLORE ASOS MARKETPLACE Shop from 700+ boutiquesSHOP VINTAGE Want vintage? We got youSHOP NINETIES GRUNGE Band tees and slinky slipsSHOP NEW IN Thousands of new items dropping dailyASOS INSIDERS Fashion tips from your favorite InsidersSTYLE FEED Style inspiration and beauty adviceFashion Discovery And the next new brand to drop on ASOS is…The Responsible edit Where style meets sustainabilityNew in Clothing Shoes Accessories Sneaker brands Activewear Face + Body Brands Outlet Marketplace Inspiration NEW PRODUCTS View all Clothing Shoes Accessories Back in stock ASOS DESIGN Models at home Trending nowNEW EDITS Peak pastels Logo stuff VansSHOP BY PRODUCT Up to 50% off fresh looks New in Activewear Hoodies & Sweatshirts Jackets & Coats Jeans Loungewear Multipacks Overalls & Boiler Suits Pants & Chinos Polo shirts Shirts Shorts Socks Suits Sweaters & Cardigans Sweatpants Swimwear T-Shirts & Tanks Tracksuits & Joggers Two Piece Outfits UnderwearSHOP BY RANGE Plus Size TallSHOP BY EDIT Vacation Workwear Wedding Responsible edit Models at home Tie dye editSHOP BY PRODUCT View all New in Boots Loafers Shoes Sliders & Flip flops Sneakers SocksSHOP BY BRAND ASOS DESIGN Dr Martens River Island Timberland Vans Sliders & Flip Flops New-season sneakersSHOP BY PRODUCT View all New in Bags Caps & Hats Face coverings Gifts Jewelry Sunglasses Ties Wallets WatchesShop by Brand ASOS DESIGN Eastpak Twisted Tailor WFTW Sunglasses Face coveringsShop by Product Sneakers Activewear Hoodies Sweatpants T-Shirts TracksuitsShop by brand adidas Nike Converse Puma Reebok The North Face Up to 30% off street styles Sneaker brands edit ASOS x Nike Vans Old SkoolSHOP BY PRODUCT 30% off sneaker brands View all Accessories Jackets Pants & Tights Shoes Shorts Swim TopsSHOP BY ACTIVITY Golf Gym & Training Outdoors Running Ski & Snowboard Soccer adidas Workout clothesSHOP BY PRODUCT View all Body care Gifts Hair care Makeup Shaving & Beard Skin Care Tools & AccessoriesShop By Brand Barber Pro Elemis GHD Marvis Murdock London NIOD The Ordinary Uppercut Deluxe View all brands Hair care Barber Pro Marvis VerbTop brands 30% off sneaker brands ASOS DESIGN ASOS 4505 adidas Bershka COLLUSION Designer Brands Dr Martens Levi's New Look Nike Polo Ralph Lauren Pull&Bear Reclaimed Vintage River Island The North Face Tommy Hilfiger Topman Twisted Tailor Vans A-Z of brands COLLUSION ellesse ASOS DESIGN WeekdaySHOP BY PRODUCT Up to 50% off fresh looks View all New in: Clothing New in: Shoes & Accessories Accessories Activewear Bags Hoodies & Sweatshirts Jackets & Coats Jeans Jewelry & Watches Loungewear Pants & Chinos Shirts Shoes & Sneakers Shorts Suits & Tailoring Sunglasses Sweaters & Cardigans Swimwear T-Shirts & Tanks Tracksuits Underwear & SocksShop By Brand adidas Brave Soul Calvin Klein Dune French Connection Kurt Geiger Original Penguin Puma Vans Kappa View all brands FURTHER REDUCTIONS: UP TO 70% OFF Activewear Summer editEXPLORE ASOS MARKETPLACE Shop from 700+ boutiquesSHOP VINTAGE SPORTSWEAR Your fave 90s brandsSHOP NINETIES GRUNGE Band tees and vintage denimSHOP NEW IN Thousands of new items dropping dailyASOS INSIDERS Fashion tips from your favorite InsidersSTYLE FEED Style inspiration and grooming adviceFashion Discovery And the next new brand to drop on ASOS is…The Responsible edit Where style meets sustainabilityWOMEN GET FREE EXPRESS SHIPPING WHEN YOU SPEND $120! With code: EXPRESSUSA120 MEN *Select Express shipping at checkout and enter code EXPRESSUSA120 to receive discount. Ends 3am EDT on July 10, 2020. Can't be used with other promo codes or on gift vouchers, ASOS Marketplace or Premier Delivery. Zip Codes exclusions apply.

Privacy & Cookies: Our promises We'll always keep your data safe and secure. So you're clued up, here's why we need it and how we use it.

Play Mute Full screen Our Privacy Promise WATCH VIDEO 1. The Good Stuff We will only use your data to up your experience.

2. Locked Down We'll protect your data like it's our own.

3. Straight Talking We'll always talk your language and have your back - no nonsense, no surprises.

4. No Spam You decide what and how you hear from us.

5. Just the Essentials Your info won't just hang about - if we don't need it, we'll delete it.

Protecting Your Privacy ASOS, we are 100% committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers and site visitors (yep, we mean you). The ASOS team members are customers themselves, of both ASOS and other internet sites - so we totally appreciate and respect how important privacy is. If you have any questions about how we Protect Your Privacy, drop us a line at dataprotection@asos.comFor all our services, the data controller - the company that's responsible for your privacy- is ASOS.com LimitedNavigating this page How we use your information Sharing your information Marketing Messages Seeing adverts for ASOS.com online Your information and countries outside Europe Keeping your information Your rights Changes to how we Protect Your Privacy Cookies How to contact usHow we use your information We use your information in a number of different ways - what we do depends on the information. The tables below set this out in detail, showing what we do, and why we do it.

Your Personal Details, such as your name, date of birth, gender, address, email address, social media handle, screen name and phone number.

What we do Why we do it Why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) Identify you when you visit our website or contact usChecking your identity helps us to keep your information safe from fraudstersLegally, we have to do this and it is also important for usDeliver your purchases to you It's a bit hard to send your order if we don't use your name and contact details!It's an important part of our contract commitment to youSend you account and service updates, such as updates to our Terms and Conditions and order confirmationsTo keep you informed of any changes to ASOS servicesLegally, we have to do this, it's an important part of our contract commitment to you, and it's also important for us to keep you updatedSend you order updates by text, e-mail or through our appSo you know when your order is due to arriveIt's an important part of our contract commitment to youManage your participation in any promotions, offers or discount schemes you choose to participate inTo ensure you receive any discounts or offers relevant to you at the time e.g. Student discountsWe will treat this as an important contract commitment to you if you choose to participateDirect you to the right part of our website To get you to the products that you want fasterIt's important to us that you get the best out of your ASOS shopping experienceSend you information about our products and services We like to keep you up to date and help you get the best from our products and services (you can find out more in the section on Marketing messages below)It's up to youto choose what you hear from us and what you hear about but it's also important for us to tell you aboutthe best product and services we have to offer!Your body size and shape, if you choose to tell us thisWhat we do Why we do it Why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) We use a third party to help make recommendations about products, to suggest sizes, and about how garments fitWe want you to love the products you buy from usIt's important to us that you find the right products for youYour payment information This means your chosen payment method, for example your card details (don't worry we don't keep the security code)What we do Why we do it Why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) Take payment, and give refunds After all - we're not giving all our stuff away!It's important to us and an important part of our contract commitment to youKeep a record of any financial transactions with you We need to know what you have paid for (and we have to tell the tax man about our income too!)Legally, we have to do this Your contact history with us What you've said to us - for example, by email, on instant chat, on Social Media, or in private message. If you contact us by phone we record calls to our customer care centre, too.

What we do Why we do it Why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) Provide customer service and support After all, you expect the best service from us! It's an important part of our service and also part of our contract commitment to youImprove the services and support we provide to you So that you get the best possible customer service It is important for us to train our staff Purchase history and saved items What you've bought in the past, what you've searched for - including using our Style Match feature - what you've saved or added to a board for another time, and when you have asked us to tell you that something is back in stock.

What we do Why we do it Why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) Help you keep track of items you like, update you when we have new availability and let you share them, your wayTo help you get to the products that you like faster and so you can get the best out of our products and your accountIt's up to you if you want to use these services but we would love you to share all our good stuffHandle returns in accordance with ourTerms and Conditions and provide customer service and supportBecause you expect the best service from us and, after all, we can't provide a refund if we don't know what you've bought!It's an important part of our contract commitment to youAnalyse what you have bought, searched for, or returned, which helps us find out what you like.

For Style Match, once we've shown you your search results we store the photo for one month and keep it separated from anything else that identifies you.

To ensure we are giving you what you want, providing you with the best service we can, and so we can stay ahead of the competition.

It is important for us to know your preferences.We match your purchases to links from affiliates who might have introduced you to ASOS or promoted a particular product when you visited their site. We share relevant purchase history with them, so they know when they have made a successful introductionWe have a number of "introducers" who direct new customers to us or promote our products on their sitesIt is important for us to generate new customers through different sourcesInformation about your phone or laptop, and how you use our website and appInformation collected when you browse our site or use our app, including your IP address and device type, how you use our website and app (such as the pages you visit and the products you look at) and, if you choose to share it with us, your location data.

What we do Why we do it Why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) Identify you when you visit our website If we can remember you, we can give you the best possible shopping experience.

It is important for us that you get the best shopping experienceImprove our website and set default options for you (such as language and currency)It's important for us, and it's much easier for you, if we know the language and currency you prefer, and it also helps us to protect your informationIt is important for us to know what you like to give you the best shopping experienceSend information about our products and services to you We like to keep you up to date and help you find products. You can find out more in our section on Marketing messages belowIt is important for us to show you things we think you will like and that may make your ASOS experience betterShow you ASOS.com adverts as your browse the web So you can see our latest products and deals that we think you will loveIt is important for us to show you things we think you will likeMonitor visitors to our site and analyse their behaviour To protect our website and to help make our service betterThis is important for us and legally, we have to do this!Information from Social Media or accounts you link to usWhat we do if you link your Social Media or your third-party accounts to us. We will keep a record of your Social Media handle, and the other information that is made available to us according to your Social Media account settings.

What we do Why we do it Why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) We allow you to link your Social Media account to your ASOS account so you can log on simply and easily without having to create a specific accountTo make it easier for you to use ASOS.com and purchase those items you want!It is important for us that you get the best shopping experienceAnalysis to understand what you like, how you might share your likes with your friends and how you might influence others with your styleIt helps improve any recommendations we make to you and we may invite you to take part in surveys, reward schemes and other fashion related activities.

It is important for us to know what you like to give you the best shopping experienceProvide product recommendations So you can quickly spot things which take your fancyIt is important for us to show you things we think you will likeIf you post comments about ASOS, tag ASOS or post photos to our Social Media pagesWhat we do Why we do it Why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) Monitor our customers views or opinions We may want to respond to you or react, particularly if you are unhappy with something.

It is important for us to know what you think about usWe use public sources of information to help us investigate fraudulent activityTo prevent and detect fraud against either you or ASOS - unfortunate, but absolutely essentialThis is important for us to protect our service, to protect you and to stop thisYour responses to surveys, feedback and competitions What we do Why we do it Why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) We occasionally ask for feedback on our products or how you feel we are doing. Generally, responses are anonymized but we may want to respond to you directly, for example if you mention you are unhappy with somethingIt makes good sense to check how you feel about us and your purchases from time to time and we can use this information to improve our service.

It's up to you whether you take part.Manage the competitions that you choose to enter and get prizes to the winners. We will let you know how we use your data at the point of entry.

We need to let you know if you win! If you take part we will treat this as an important contract commitment to you.

Other identifiable information What we do Why we do it Why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) We allocate you a unique number when you first shop with us (your customer ID)This allows us to uniquely identify you It's an important part of our contract commitment to youProof of your identity We sometimes need to check your identity - for example to confirm it is you that placed an order, or if you say you are a studentIt's an important part of our contract commitment to youYou don't have to give us all of this personal information but if you don't, you may not be able to buy from the site, and you are unlikely to receive our optimal overall customer experience. But that is your choice - and we respect that.

We also anonymise and aggregate personal information (so that it does not identify you) and use it for purposes including testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our site and app, and developing new products and services.

Fraud prevention and detection We use any of the above categories of information to identify, prevent and detect fraud, against either you or against ASOS.Detecting and preventing fraud is an unfortunate, butan absolutely essential part of our service and our contract commitment to you. Legally, we have to do this, and it is very important for us.

We also use Purchase history data, to protect our service and uphold our Terms of Service as part of our contract commitment to you, as part of this we may make use of computer-system decisions to protect ASOS and our Service. Your rights in relation to this are detailed below.

Personalising your ASOS experience We use the data we collectto help us provide you with the best service, the best shopping experience and to show you the latest and greatest products and services that we think you will love.

Sharing your information We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party - including your name, address, email address or credit card information. We want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is absolutely essential in order do that. However, we do share your data with the following categories of companies that provide services which are essential for us to be able to provide our services to you: Companies in the ASOS group, because sometimes different bits of our group are responsible for different activities Companies that do things to help you choose your purchases and get them to you, or back from you, such as payment service providers, warehouses, order packers, and delivery companies Professional service providers, such as marketing agencies, advertising partners and website hosts, who help us run our business Affiliates who help us reach out to potential new customers or promote our products on their websites Credit reference agencies, law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies (so we can help tackle fraud)You may choose to take advantage of some of our additional services, in which case, depending on your choices we may share your data with the following categories of companies to fulfil the services you have asked for: Social Media sites (for example if you choose to link your accounts to us) and other companies approved by you Product size and fit advisors to help you choose the right products Marketplace sellers where you place a Marketplace order; andOther third party payment providers, when you choose to use their payment servicesIf you would like to know more about the 3rd parties we may share personal data with, or how to find out more on how they will use your data, please contact us at the details below.

We may also provide third parties with aggregated and anonymised information and analytics about our customers. Before we do so, we will make sure that it does not identify you.

Marketing messages If you have said we can, we'll send you marketing messages to keep you aware of what we're up to and to help you see and find our products and services.

How to stop marketing messages from ASOS.com You can control the marketing communications you receive from us through the Contact Preferences section of your ASOS account. You also have the following options: Emails: You can also click on the 'unsubscribe' link in any marketing email you receive, and this will take you to the Contact Preferences section of your account so you can unsubscribe from that method of communication. Text Messages: You can also text "stop" to the number provided within the communication and this will unsubscribe you from that method of communication.

Any method of Marketing: You can contact our Customer Care team. Once you do this, we will update our records to ensure that you don't receive further marketing messages.

If you tell us you don't want to receive marketing messages it might take a few days for all our systems to be updated, so we would ask for your patience as you might get messages from us while we process your request.

Please note that opting out of marketing messages will not stop service communications, such as order updates, or where you have asked for a specific 'back in stock' notification.

How to stop marketing messages from ASOS Marketplace Marketplace has a separate system for marketing preferences to our main ASOS websites and apps. All ASOS Marketplace customers have the option to receive marketing communications from Marketplace and/or selected third parties.

If you decide you no longer want Marketplace marketing communications, you can opt out by visiting My Marketplace > My Details in the ASOS Marketplace website or you can click on the 'unsubscribe' link in any Marketplace email.

Seeing adverts for ASOS.com online We use online advertising to keep you aware of what we're up to and to help you see and find our products.

You may see ASOS banners and ads when you are on other websites and apps, such as Social Media. We manage this through a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges. We also use a range of advertising technologies.

The banners and ads you see are based on information we hold about you, or your previous use of ASOS (for example, your ASOS search history, and the content you read on ASOS) or on ASOS banners or ads you have previously clicked on.

For more information on our use of advertising technologies and Cookies, please see our cookie noticeYour information and countries outside Europe ASOS is a global business with operations inside and outside of the United Kingdom and we use suppliers and fulfilment centres located across the world. Some of these locations will not offer the same level of protection for your personal data as the UK or the EU, but if we transfer your information to one of these locations we will take steps to ensure that your data and rights are protected through methods approved within the relevant Data Protection laws. Please contact us if you would like further information about how we protect your transferred information.

Keeping your information We'll hold on to your information for as long as you continue to be an ASOS customer and for as long as we are required to keep it to ensure we meet our legal requirements across the globe.

If you no longer wish to be a customer you can contact our Customer Care team and request that we close your account. However, we have a legal requirement to keep some of your personal data even after you have asked us to delete it. We will only keep what we absolutely need to, and only to make sure we can meet our legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our Terms & Conditions.

Your Rights and Choices You have a lot of rights relating to your personal information,these are: The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used (like this notice!) The right to access the personal information we hold about you The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you (although you can updatemost of this through My Account) The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances The right to stop direct marketing messages, which you can do through My Account The right to withdraw consent for any consent-based processing at any time The right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider The right to ask us to explain any computer-system decision about you The right to complain to your data protection regulator - in the UK this is the Information Commissioner's OfficeIf you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us. As a starting point, we have 30 days in which to respond to you. Our contact details are at the end of this Policy.

CCPA Privacy information This section applies only to ASOS customers who are California residents and supplements the details provided in our Privacy Policy and contains the information that the Californian Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") requires us to make available to customers. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.

Information We Collect We generally collect the following categories of personal information about your when you use our services: • identifiers such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, email, phone number, your device's IP address, software, and identification numbers associated with your devices; • protected classifications, such as gender; • commercial information such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered by you; • Internet or other electronic information regarding you browsing history, search history, the webpage visited before you came to our Site, length of visit and number of page views, click-stream data, locale preferences, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, and system configuration information; • your geolocation, to the extent you have configured your device to permit us to collect such information; • audio recordings of your voice to the extent you call us, as permitted under applicable law; • professional or employment-related information; and • inferences about your preferences, characteristics, behaviour and attitudes.

You can find more information about the personal information we collect and how we collect it in the section above titled "How we use your information".

Use of Personal Information We collect your personal information for the business purposes described above in the section titled "How we use your information". The CCPA defines a "business purpose" as the use of personal information for the business's operational purposes, or other notified purposes, provided the use of personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.

Sharing Personal Information We may disclose your personal information to an organisation for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient organisation to keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract with us.

We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the categories of third parties listed above in the section titled "Sharing your information".

Your Rights and Choices If you are a California resident, you have rights in relation to your personal information; however, your rights are subject to certain exceptions. For instance, we cannot disclose specific pieces of personal information if the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the personal information, your account with us or the security of our network systems.

Right Against Discrimination - You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right to know, delete or opt-out of sales.

Right to Know - You have the right to request in writing: a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, address, email address, that a business has disclosed to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and;(i) the names and addresses of all such third parties.

(ii) In addition, you have the right to request: (i) the categories of personal information we have collected about you,(ii) the categories of sources from which personal information is collected,(iii) the business or commercial purpose for the information collection,(iv) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared personal information, and(v) the specific pieces of personal information we hold about an individual.

You have the right to request a copy of the specific personal information we collected about you during the twelve (12) months before your request.

Right to Delete - You have the right to request us delete any personal information we have collected from you or maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions.

To assert your right to know or your right to delete your personal information, please contact according to the 'How to contact us' section below. To confirm your identity, we may ask you to verify personal information we already have on file for you. If we cannot confirm your identity from the information we have on file, we may request additional information from you, which we will only use to verify your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.

Right to Opt-Out of Selling. You have the right to opt-out of having your personal information sold. We do not sell your personal information.

In addition, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of ASOS who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third-parties for their direct marketing purposes. Please allow 30 days for a response. To make such a request, contact us according to the 'How to contact us' section below.

Changes to how we Protect Your Privacy We may change this page from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data.

If we make significant changes, we will make that clear on the ASOS website or other ASOS services, or by some other means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes before you continue to use ASOS.

Cookies We use cookies on our website. For more information on cookies, please see our cookie notice.

How to contact us We always want to hear from our customers (especially if you feel we've let you down or could do better).

If you: Have any questions or feedback about this notice Would like us to stop using your information Want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, or have a complaintPlease don't hesitate to contact our Customer Care team, who will be happy to answer any questions you may have.

You can contact our privacy team by dropping us a line at dataprotection@asos.com or else through Customer Care via the ASOS website. Or if you'd like to, you can write to us at: Data Protection officer ASOS Greater London House Hampstead Road London NW17FB Data Protection Officer, ASOS_ALCARO log Plaza_Baustelle, An der Anhalter Bahn 2, 14979 Grossbeeren, Germany Reporting A Security Vulnerability We're all about taking risks when it comes to our designs, just not our security. If you've noticed something's up with our tech, let us know. Drop an email to vulnerability@asos.com with your contact details, including your company name (if you're not an ASOSer), and details of the vulnerability and what we need to do to reproduce or validate it.

We expect legit security researchers to avoid privacy violations; not destroy or corrupt our precious data; and not interrupt or degrade our awesome service. We only read reports that have been encrypted using our PGP public key too, so make sure you download the ASOS.com PGP Key.

COPY TO CLIPBOARD v1.0 07.01.2020 FacebookInstagramSnapchat Help and Information HelpTrack OrderDelivery & ReturnsPremier Delivery10% Student Discount About ASOS About UsCareers at ASOSCorporate ResponsibilityInvestors Site More From ASOS Mobile and ASOS AppsASOS MarketplaceE-gift cards Shopping from: You're in Change © 2020 ASOS Privacy & Cookies Ts&Cs Accessibility

