Free standard shipping on orders over $29 Free express shipping on orders over $129 DOWNLOAD TO ENJOY US$3 OFF 1ST ORDER Location United States United States Canada United Kingdom Australia Germany France Italy Spain Mexico Brazil New Zealand Israel Switzerland Belgium Russian Federation Austria Philippines South Africa India Australia Brazil Canada Colombia Cyprus Dominican Republic Egypt France Germany Ghana India Indonesia Italy Japan Malaysia Mexico Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Portugal Russian Federation Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand Ukraine United Kingdom United States Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua And Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bolivia Botswana Bulgaria Burkina Burundi Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Netherlands Antilles Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Ecuador Equatorial Guinea Estonia Ethiopia Fiji Gabon Gambia Georgia Gibraltar Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Honduras Hungary Iceland Iran Jamaica Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Lithuania Luxembourg Republic of Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Moldova Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Nepal Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Oman Panama Paraguay Poland Puerto Rico Reunion Qatar Romania Rwanda El Salvador Sao Tome And Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Slovakia Slovenia Somalia Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Tajikistan Togo Tonga Trinidad And Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Virgin Islands(US) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Finland Greece Bosnia And Herzegovina Faroe Islands Ireland Israel Liechtenstein Peru South Africa South Korea Montenegro Singapore Hong kong SAR,China Western Sahara Wallis and Futuna Virgin Islands(GB) Vietnam Venezuela Bhutan United States Minor Outlying Islands United Arab Emirates Bouvet Island Brunei Turks And Caicos Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Tokelau Tanzania Syria Svalbard and Jan Mayen South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sierra Leone San Marino Western Samoa Saint Vincent and the Grenadines The Islands of st pierre and miquelon Cambodia Saint Lucia Christmas Island Cocos Keeling Islands Comoros Saint Kitts Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Ivory Coast Saint Helena Pitcairn Islands Philippines Palau Dominica Northern Mariana Islands Norfolk Island Niue New Caledonia Eritrea Falkland Islands Myanmar French Guiana French polynesia French Southern Territories Mongolia Micronesia Mayotte Marshall islands Guam Guernsey Haiti Macao SAR,China Heard Island and McDonald Islands Vatican City Iraq Kuwait Jersey Kiribati North Korea Pakistan Papua New Guinea China mainland Canary Islands YUGOSLAVIA Solomon Islands Tristan da Cunha Timor-Leste Taiwan, China Bonaire Curacao Ascension St. Eustatius Spanish Territories Of N.Africa Azores Madeira Balearic Islands Caroline Islands St. Maarten Nevis Somaliland Saint Barthelemy Zaire Aland Island Isle of Man Saint Martin Kosovo Saipan France, Metropolitan Antarctica Palestinian territories South SudanNo Matches.Currency USD ARS USD EUR GBP AUD CZK JPY JOD CAD NZD RUB BRL MXN THB IDR PLN TRY MYR RON PHP QAR SAR SEK SGD AED TWD UAH ZAR PEN OMR ILS BHD CHF CLP COP CRC DKK HKD HUF INR KWD KZT NOKYou have unpaid item(s) in your cart. If you change your country then the items' info (such as prices, promotions) might change. You can either pay for these items first or add them back into your cart after updating your country.

Language English English Français Español Deutsch Português Italiano لغة عربية Bahasa Indonesia ภาษาไทย phasa thai 繁体中文 Tiếng Việt 日本語 한국어 Turkic Русский limba românăUPDATE PREFERENCES Sign In/Register MY ACCOUNT MY ORDERS MY COUPONS MY POINTS Wishlist Reviews&Show MY TICKETS0 My wallet SIGN OUTbodycon dress Clean Popular Searches: jessica stockstill x zaful scalloped swimwear crop tees tie dye dragon pre-order spider-man basicHOT High Cut Bikinis Velvet Shorts Cool Pants Crop Hoodies Green Bikini Kimono Cover Up Neon Green Bikini Purple Swimsuit Red Bikini Retro Bikini American Flag Bikini Corduroy Jacket Floral Romper Graphic Hoodies Leopard Print Bikini Padded Swimsuits Pink One Piece Swimsuit Sunflower Dress Satin Shorts Yellow Sundress Backless Tops Pink Bikini White Bikini Yellow hoodie Cami Dress Crochet Bikini Striped Dress Plain White Hoodie HOT custom_nav_home Spider-ManVIP DAY FLASH SALE T-shirts & Tanks Shirts Shorts T-SHIRTS SHIRTS SHORTS NewWOMEN NEW Tops Two-Pieces Dresses Bottoms Intimates SWIMWEAR NEW Bikinis Tankinis One-pieces Cover Ups MENSWEAR NEW Tees Shirts Pants Jeans Shorts Swimwear ACTIVEWEAR NEW ACCESSORIES NEW Diving Snorkel Mask SPIDER-MAN SHOP BY Two-pieces Tank Tops Tees Blouses ZAFUL Pre-Order Best Sellers New-in Sale: Up to 50% Off Clearance ZAFUL Exclusive Student Discount: Extra 8% Off TRENDING Ribbed Tie Dye Pet Potrait Collection Dragon Butterfly Graphic Sunflower Oriental Ditsy Floral Tribal Womenswear New Swimwear New WomenTwo-Piece Outfits Short Sets Skirt Sets Pants Sets Tops Tank Tops Tees Blouses Bodysuits Sweaters & Cardigans Sweaters Cardigans Jackets & Coats Sweatshirts Blazers Waistcoat Bottoms Jumpsuits & Rompers Denim Shorts Skirts Shorts Pants Jeans Leggings Intimates Sexy Lingerie Bras & Bralettes Sets Pajama Sets Plus Size Dresses Mini Dresses Midi Dresses Maxi Dresses Casual Dresses Print Dresses Party Dresses Bohemian Dresses Long Sleeve Dresses Sweater Dresses Bodycon Dresses All On Sale Back in Stock Sale All under $6.99 All under $9.99 All under $12.99 All under $15.99 All under $19.99 All under $25.99 All under $29.99 ZAFUL Pre-Order SHOP BY Pride Daily Casual Basic Vacation Beach Festival Going Out Date Night Work Sexy New Arrivals TopsTank Tops Tees Two-Piece Outfits Short Sets Skirt Sets Pants Sets Blouses Bodysuits Blazers SS 2020 New Arrivals Hot List SHOP BY Crop Tops Cami Tops Tie Dye Oriental American Flag Graphic ZAFUL Pre-Order AW Collection Sweatshirts Sweaters & Cardigans Sweaters Cardigans Jackets & Coats SHOP BY Graphic Sweatshirts Zip Sweatshirts Loose Sweaters Teddy Coats Crop Tees Hot Sets Ribbed DressesSHOP BY STYLE Mini Dresses Casual Dresses Bodycon Dresses Print Dresses Midi Dresses Maxi Dresses Bohemian Dresses Long Sleeve Dresses Sweater Dresses SHOP BY TREND Dresses Sale: All under $9.99 New in Dresses Tie Dye Dresses Wrap Dresses Floral Dresses Smocked Dresses Tie Dresses Plaid Dresses Solid Dresses Leopard dresses SHOP BY OCCASION Vacation Dresses Beach Dresses Party Dresses Day Dresses Work Dresses Casual Dresses Ruffle Dresses Tiered Dresses SwimwearBikinis Bikini Sets Bikini Tops Bikini Bottoms Tankinis One-Pieces Three-Piece Swimsuits Cover Ups Beach Dresses Beach Tops Beach Bottoms Plus Size Swimwear TRENDING Animal Print Ditsy Floral Tie Dye Push Up Scalloped Bandeau Knotted Ribbed V Wired Cut Out Trikini SWIMWEAR SALE Swim Back To Stock Sale American Flag Buy 1 Get 1 99% Off Swimwear Collection Pre-order Swimwear Mix & Match Swimwear Butterfly Swimwear Daisy Swimwear Diving Snorkel Mask All Under $6.99 All Under $9.99 Jessica Stockstill X ZAFUL Emma MacDonald x ZAFUL Tie Dye Bikinis MenTops Shirts Tees & Tanks Hoodies & Sweatshirts Tank Tops Jackets & Coats Sweaters NEW IN New in Tees & Tanks New in Shirts New in Bottoms Bottoms Pants Jeans Shorts Two-Piece Outfits Swimwear Accessories SALE % All Under $10.99 All Under $13.99 BEST SELLERS TRENDING Cargo Pants Oriental Striped Print Ethnic Mens Kimono Tie Dye Hawaii Outfit Jogger Pants Floral Print Pride, love is for everyone GET THE LOOK Vacation Outfits Casual Outfits Basics Outfits Trendy Outfits Clearance: up to 80% off New sale: buy 2 get 20% off Spider-Man Flash Sale Graphic Tees Casual Bottoms ActivewearTops Tees & Tanks Hoodies & Jackets Sports Bras Bottoms Leggings: 2 For $14.99 Pants Gym Sets Shorts TRENDING Sale: All under $9.99 Diving Snorkel Mask Mesh Series Graphic Striped Jogger Pants Tie Dye Cut Out Biker Shorts Diving Snorkel Mask New-in Leggings Sale: 2 for $14.99 AccessoriesJEWELRY View All Necklaces Earrings Rings Body Jewelry Gold Plated Jewelry Bracelets BAGS View All Crossbody Bags Backpacks Shoulder Bags Clutches HAIR View All Scrunchie Headband Hairpins HATS View All Bucket Hat Baseball Cap Straw Hat Visor Hat BELTS View All Chain Belts Buckle Belt Vintage Belt Tape Belt SHOES View All Sandals Sneakers Flats Pumps Boots OTHER Sunglasses Home Diving Snorkel Mask Beauty Socks & Tights Scarves & Gloves Tech Accessories Men Accessories TRENDING Butterfly Star 18K Gold Plated Layered Necklace Rings Set Hoop Earring Red, White + Blue SALE: Buy 2 Get 20% Off SaleWOMEN Tops Sale Dresses Sale Bottoms Sale Intimates Sale Plus Size Sale ACTIVEWEAR SWIMWEAR Bikinis Sale One-Pieces Sale Cover Ups Sale MEN Tops Sale Bottoms Sale Swimwear Sale ACCESSORIES Menswear: buy 2 get 20% off Buy 2 Get 20% Off Sale Under $1.99 Sale Under $8.99 Sale Under $12.99 Sale Under $14.99 All Deals The Last Call Sale Menswear Clearance Shop Now Top Rated Z-MeJOIN COMMUNITY OUR BIG MOMENTS ZAFUL X Influencers Fashion Week GreenerFashion ZAFUL in Campus ZAFUL beauty story STYLE FEED Dress Like Celebraties ZAKINI THEME TRENDING In celebrities' eyes It's Time For Tie-Dye! Colors Of Summer - ZAFUL July Lookbook How to Look COOL in Sporty-Street Style? Poolside Slay In Zakini - ZAFUL Bikinis Lookbook Blue Is The New Black-Color Of The Year 2020 Street Chic Tie Dye Colors Of Summer Help and Info About ZAFUL About us Contact us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Intellectual Property Policy Report Security Issues Customer Care Returns Size and Fit Guides Payment Method Shipping Info Intellectual Property Policy More about ZAFUL Affiliate Program FAQ Privacy Policy What information do we collect? Personal information is information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you. Personal information also includes anonymous information that is linked to information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you. Personal information does not include information that has been irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you.

We will only collect and use personal information which is necessary to comply with our legal obligations and to assist us to administer our business and provide you with the services you request.

We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey.

When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter the following information: your name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number. You may, however, also visit our site anonymously.

What do we use your information for? We use the information you provide to us for the specific purposes for which you provide the information, as stated at the time of collection, and as otherwise permitted by law. The information we collect from you may be used in the following ways: ● To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)● To improve our website and your shopping experience (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)● To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)● To process transactions including executing your payments and delivering the purchased products or services requested. To administer a contest, special promotion, survey, activity or other site feature● To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you important information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.

Legal Basis for the Processing of Personal Information If you are located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), our processing of your personal information will be based on the following: To the extent that we obtain your consent for the processing of your personal information such processing will be justified pursuant to Article 6(1) lit. (a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR"). If the processing of your personal information is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us or for taking pre-contractual steps upon your request, such processing will be based on GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (b). Where the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation, we will process your personal information on basis of GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (c), and where the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, such processing will be made in accordance with GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (f).

Please note that where you have given your consent to the processing of your personal information you may withdraw your consent, for example by sending an e-mail to Support@zaful.com at any time which withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing previously made on basis of your consent.

Your rights We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, and up to date. You have the right to access, correct, or delete the personal information that we collect. You are also entitled to restrict or object, at any time, to the further processing of your personal information. You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured and standard format and, where technically feasible, the right to have your personal information transmitted directly to a third party. You may lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority regarding the processing of your personal information.

To protect the privacy and the security of your personal information, we may request information from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access such information, as well as to search for and provide you with the personal information we maintain. There are instances where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal information that we maintain.

You may send us an e-mail to Support@zaful.com to exercise your rights. We will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is correct and up to date.

How do we protect your information? You are responsible for your own username and password safety and security on ZAFUL. We recommend choosing a strong password and changing it frequently. Please do not use the same login details (email and password) across multiple websites.

That said, we do implement a variety of security measures including offering the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.

Our servers and website are security scanned and fully verified externally by McAfee Secure from Symantec on a daily basis to protect you online.

Do we use cookies? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you have allowed it via your settings). This enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.

We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools for you in the future.

We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are however not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us directly conduct and improve our business. We use, for example, Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google") to help us better understand how users engage with our website. Google Analytics uses cookies in order to collect information on the usage of our website. This information is used to compile reports and create services to help us improve our website and the services associated with it. The reports disclose website trends without identifying individual visitors. The information generated by the Google cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

On some pages of our website, third parties that provide applications through our website may set their own cookies in order to provide services, track the success of their applications or customize applications for you. For example, when you share content using a social media sharing button such as Facebook or Twitter, the social network that has created the button will record that you have done this. Because of how cookies work, we cannot access these cookies nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used by us.

If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting Customer Service at Support@zaful.com.

Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, executing payments, delivering purchased products or services, sending you information or updates or otherwise servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.

How long do we retain your information? We will retain your personal information for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by tax, accounting or other applicable laws.

Third party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at Terms and Conditions.

Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

Contact Us If you would like to exercise one of your rights as set out above, or if you have a question or a complaint about this policy, the way your personal information is processed, please contact us via e-mail: Support@zaful.com.

GDPR representative in EU Dr. Antje Johst Kurfürstendamm 67 | 10707 Berlin / Germany Phone + 49 (0)30 - 88 921 304 About ZAFUL ZAFUL Story Contact us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Intellectual Property Policy Report Security Issues CUSTOMER SUPPORT Shopping FAQ Size and Fit Guides Payment Method Shipping Info Returns Satisfaction Survey Coupon Center More about ZAFUL Top Searches Make Money Join Our Community Outfits Student Discount Cookies Policy DOWNLOAD TO ENJOY US$3 OFF 1ST ORDER DOWNLOAD TO ENJOY US$3 OFF 1ST ORDERSUBSCRIBE NOW AND GET 15% OFF Subscribe FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA Copyright Notice © 2013-2020 ZAFUL.com ALL Rights Reserved Customer Care Shopping FAQ Return WarrantySatisfaction Survey DOWNLOAD TO ENJOY US$3 OFF 1ST ORDER CODE:ZAFUL3 We use cookies to improve your online experience. By continuing browsing this website, we assume you agree our use of cookies and Cookie Policy.

Agree Cookies Policy Cookies To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.

What are cookies? A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.

How do we use cookies? Cookies used on our website are grouped into the following categories: 1. Essential - these are cookies that are required for the regular operation of our websites. For example, some cookies allow you to log-in to your account and add products to your basket and checkout securely, or carry out fraud detection and security checks (along with other similar things). These are essential for the website to work properly.

2. Functional-these cookies will enable you to move around the site and use its features such as accessing secure areas (e.g. content for registered users). These cookies also allow us to remember your user preferences, helping you to customize your experience on our site. The information gained through the use of functional cookies is anonymous and is not used for any other purpose.

3. Performance improvers- these cookies will help us understand how effective our content is, what interests our customers and to improve how our website works. This information is used for statistical purposes only and is not used to personally identify any user.

4. Advertising-these cookies enable us and our advertising partners to serve ads and manage our online advertising when you visit our site and sites upon which we advertise. These cookies record your visit to our website and the content you interact with, and may also be used to manage the number of times that you see an advertisement.

Who sets cookies? Apart from us, also approved third parties may set cookies when you visit the site. Third parties include search engines, providers of measurement and analytics services, social media networks, and advertising companies. Third parties use cookies in the process of delivering content, including ads relevant to your interests, to measure the effectiveness of their ads, and to perform services.

How to control cookies You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish - for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.

confirm × We would like to send you special offers ! Notifications can be turned off anytime from settings ALLOW Sign In Create an Account *Email Address To ensure your information security, please change your password on a regular basis.

*Password SIGN IN Forgot your password? Register to get $10-OFF-$50 *Email Address Password length should not be less than 8 characters,it need to include letters and numbers.It is recommended that please do not use the same password as other websites.

*Create a Password I agree to zaful.com Terms and Conditions CREATE AN ACCOUNT Or Join With Google FaceBook Guest Checkout Please provide your email address so we can assist you more easily.

Submit 1/6 Haz click aquí para cambiar el idioma y elegir el país, de esta manera podrás ver la página en español. Si tienes una cuenta de Paypal puedes entrar directamente y hacer tus compras. Si no tienes una cuenta de Paypal, nosotros te enseñaremos el proceso para configurar tu cuenta.

https://www.paypal.com/hk/webapps/mpp/home (Haz click aquí para entrar a la interfaz de Paypal en inglés, luego puedes seleccionar el idioma en la parte inferior de la página, en el rectangulo amarillo.)2/6 https://www.paypal.com/es/webapps/mpp/home Aquí encontrarás la interfaz de Paypal en español.

Luego puedes crear tu cuenta de paypal en el rectangulo amarillo.

3/6 Puedes elegir registrarte como una cuenta personal o de negocios.

4/6 Llena la información de cada casilla para crear tu cuenta.

5/6 Llena la información de cada casilla para continuar configurando tu cuenta.

6/6 Haz click en el botón izquierdo para regresar a la página 1 o en el botón derecho para regresar a la página 2.

Original text Contribute a better translation

